In 1924 he got a place at Bryn Mawr College .
There , he was placed in the rehabilitation ward at Hadassah Hospital in Jerusalem as a permanent patient .
Her mother , Jules Mann-Stewart , is a script supervisor originally from Queensland , Australia .
When the time comes to sign the wedding contract , she makes a final effort to annul the marriage by signing the document with her left hand .
They may be thrust , uplifted blocks , fold mountains , and volcanic landforms resulting in a variety of rock types .
George Gaylord Simpson ( June 16 , 1902 - October 6 , 1984 ) was an American paleontologist .
<unk> Access Memory or RAM .
Reload is a album by Metallica .
This License applies to any manual or other work , that contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it can be distributed under the terms of this License .
The following year , Engelke served as the spokesperson for Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 held in Baku , Azerbaijan .
In the Royal decree it is stated that the male successors can replace the crown on the shield by the crest of Nassau .
DeBakey also got his degree from Tulane University in New Orleans .
The major examples of these are quartz , the feldspars , the micas , the amphiboles , the pyroxenes , the olivines , and calcite .
Paul William Walker IV ( September 12 , 1973 - November 30 , 2013 ) was an American actor and model .
Known as a skillful businessman , Welk had investments in real estate and music publishing .
He lived for most of his life in New York hotels although the end of his patent income and eventual bankruptcy led him to live in diminished circumstances .
sexual reproduction is said to be about a billion years ago .
Emergency sex is a chemical compound .
He was appointed Master of the Queen 's Music for a ten-year period from March 2004 .
One of The Three Tenors , he has also taken on conducting opera and concert performances , and he is the general director of the Los Angeles Opera in California .
He worked on the piece very quickly , completing it within a few months .
Incest is sexual activity between family members and close relatives .
In Hamlin 's first restrictor plate race as a Nextel Cup driver , he beat all the previous year 's ( 2005 season ) pole winners .
Asymptomatic individuals should not be routinely tested with a throat culture or RADT because a certain percentage of the population persistently `` carries '' the streptococcal bacteria in their throat without any harmful results .
In 1287 , Giotto married Ricevuta di Lapo del Pela .
His band , The Destroyers was sometimes known as The Delaware Destroyers ( or simply GT and D ) .
Sibley & Ahlquist 's Phylogeny and Classification of Birds ( 1990 ) is a landmark work on the classification of birds , although frequently debated and constantly revised .
It is common practice in large stores to throw away such food , as it makes the stock control process easier ; another common practice is for wholesalers to repurchase the expired product and resell it to discount stores at much lower clearance sale prices .
Hoboken was surrounded by the Hudson River on the east and tidal lands at the foot of the New Jersey Palisades .
Their name is a reference to the famous children 's author Shel Silverstein , whom the band had admired and read the stories of as children .
The Continental Congress appointed Wolcott Commissioner of Indian Affairs , and he was elected to the Congress in 1775 .
`` Mercury '' was released as the first single from Bloc Party .
The album 's popularity landed with Universal Motown .
In 1697 , Béchameil bought the marquisat of Nointel and later became Louis XIV 's head steward .
He was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine , along with Andrew Z. Fire , for the discovery of RNA interference .
Alongside Melanie Klein , she may be considered the founder of psychoanalytic child psychology : as her father put it , child analysis ` had received a powerful impetus through `` the work of Frau Melanie Klein and of my daughter , Anna Freud '' ' .
When the Chinese Jin Dynasty switched support from the Mongols to the Tatars in 1161 , they destroyed Khabul Khan .
Barenboim also recorded many chamber works , especially in collaboration with his first wife , Jacqueline du Pré , the violinist Itzhak Perlman , and the violinist and violist Pinchas Zukerman .
Hail also accumulated on roadways .
The National Olympic Committee for Egypt is the Egyptian Olympic Committee .
In 2011 , a total of 4.631 billion cans were sold in over 161 countries .
Success ( 1977 ) told the story of two foster-brothers , Gregory Riding and Terry Service , and falling fortunes .
San Nicolas was originally the home of the Nicoleño people , who were probably related to the mainland and Santa Catalina Island .
Catawba County has borders with the Hickory-Lenoir-Morganton , NC Metropolitan Statistical Area .
On 13 August 2007 , Banco Santander Central Hispano changed its legal name to Banco Santander .
Generally heliports can be closer to a town or city center than an airport for fixed-wing aircraft .
Lower Egypt was known as Ta-Mehu which means `` land of papyrus . ''
Every year , David Blaine has traveled all across the country .
Shattering religious and cultural taboos , devastating vast swathes of countryside and destroying whole cities , the Peloponnesian War marked the fifth century BC and the age of Greece .
Those of the subfamily Limnodynastinae lay foam nests .
He signed Plymouth Colony .
On 4 January 1923 John Murray married Mary Madeline .
Then he punted out of bounds inside the Alabama 1-yard line and Tennessee got a safety on the next play to win , 15-13 '' .
Spira mirabilis is another name for the logarithmic spiral .
He was professor of music at the University of Cambridge from 1856 to 1866 , and principal of the Royal Academy of Music from 1866 until his death .
The Vampire Squid is almost entirely covered in light-producing organs called photophores , capable of producing disorienting flashes of light .
In the beginning of this street one can see the Central Concert Hall ; at the other end one can see the Avrora cinemacenter .
Hargitay became NABBA Mr. Universe in 1955 .
However , his sincere effort to learn Dutch earned him some respect from his subjects .
The defeat at Marathon marked the end of the first Persian invasion of Greece .
Frankenstein :
However , there are some examples of agape used to mean the same as eros .
According to Rowling , the idea for both the Harry Potter books and its character came while waiting for a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990 .
The game was released for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 on March 18 , 2008 .
Mecklenburg-Strelitz was a Kreis ( district ) in the southern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania , Germany .
`` No Me Queda Más '' was made by lead keyboardist of Selena y Los Dinos , Ricky Vela ; who had fallen in love with Selena 's sister and drummer of the group , Suzette Quintanilla .
<unk> , for the purposes of the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages , `` regional or minority languages '' means languages that are : There are many cases when a regional language can claim greater numbers of speakers .
Many counties are named after their principal town , and the expected form here would be Durhamshire .
`` Ghosts 'n' Stuff '' is a house song produced by Canadian progressive house and electro house artist deadmau5 featuring Rob Swire from Australian drum and bass\/electronic rock band Pendulum and Knife Party .
It stars alternative metal , progressive metal , death metal , death metal , techno and thrash metal .
Players who took part included Roger Federer , Rafael Nadal , Lleyton Hewitt , Novak Djokovic and Andy Roddick .
The relative concentrations of CO 2 , H 2CO 3 , and the deprotonated forms HCO − 3 ( bicarbonate ) depend on the pH. .
He wrote more than 20 plays and numerous non-fiction works , translated internationally .
Rivers enter the Timor Sea from the Northern Territory include Fish River , King River , Dry River , Victoria River and the Alligator Rivers .
Branstad served three terms in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1973 to 1979 and served as the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1979 to 1983 , when he was elected Governor of Iowa .
In 1943 , during WWII , La Scala was severely damaged by bombing .
The longer-range series − 200 aircraft was the more popular aircraft and Airbus decided in 1979 to stop offering the low gross weight series A310-100 .
He is widely regarded as the finest wood carver working in England , and the only one whose name is widely known among the general public .
On August 23 , 2013 , Microsoft announced that Ballmer would retire within the next 12 months .
I could play all day and never get enough .
Anthony Lewis Amonte ( born August 2 , 1970 ) is a retired American professional ice hockey player .
It established over sixty-five acres in the cow pasture known as Blakely Woods .
Floodlights used to illuminate the circuit were switched on from the start of the event to ensure a seamless transition from daylight to darkness .
Young was awarded the King 's Police Medal ( KPM ) in 1952 and was appointed Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George ( CMG ) in 1953 and Commander of the Royal Victorian Order ( CVO ) in 1962 .
Tiny Tim ( born April 12 , 1932 - November 30 , 1996 ) was an American singer and songwriter .
In 1919 , the Duke visited the Old Mission and Saint Anthony Seminary in Santa Barbara , California .
Specifically , both rivers flow into Suisun Bay , which flows through the Carquinez Strait to meet with the Napa River at the entrance to San Pablo Bay , which connects at its south end to San Francisco Bay .
Perhaps Vygotsky 's most important contribution concerns the inter-relationship of language development and thought .
The astrologer explained that the beautiful young woman was in fact a kind or evil ( depending on the story variant being told ) nine-tailed fox ( kitsune Good fox spirit .
The majority of the deaths and property damages were suspected to be in the Pinar del Río province .
This version has been cited as an ancestor of the `` locked room mystery '' .
The small circle has featured many unusual items through the decades , including a swimming pool for butterflies-complete with diving board , a horseshoe , a fragment of the Journal building , and a miniature Ferris wheel which was delivered by a full size crane .
A country 's Pacific coast is the part of its coast bordering the Pacific Ocean .
On March 30 , 2008 , Timberlake performed the song at Madonna 's Hard Candy Promo Show at Roseland Ballroom in New York City .
Della Casa sang the part of Zdenka in the performance of Richard Strauss 's Arabella at Arabella in 1946 .
letting the leaf dry out .
Birth : Norfolk , Va. .
To English-speaking audiences , he is known for playing tragic hero Kuribayashi in Letters from Iwo Jima and Lord Katsumoto Moritsugu in The Last Samurai , for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor .
On his Twitter Dylan Cuthbert stated that there was never a Super Mario FX game ever in development , and that `` Super Mario FX '' was the internal code name of the FX chip .
Rene was born in 1958 , in Ernabella , South Australia .
Different levels of abstraction might be denoted by a progression of arrows joining boxes or ellipses in multiple rows , where the arrows point from one row to another , in a series of other graphs , say graph 2 , etc. .
The amounts of food waste are unknown .
The French had the goal of trading with all the Prairie tribes , and beyond them , with the Spanish colony in New Mexico .
He hit .256 and stole only 12 bases .
The head is shorter than in the Common Eider .
The following verse from Punch of 1882 captured him perfectly : How doth the Banking Busy Bee , Improve his shining Hours ?
Following Greek usage it is called platane or related names in continental Europe .
It is the administrative center of the county ( comitatus or ` megye ' ) of the same name .
When war broke out again in 1282 , it was an entirely different undertaking .
A storm surge made up by low pressure in the Atlantic Ocean sometimes tracks eastwards past the north of Scotland .
Her father , Frank-Michael Fischer , was born in East Germany .
However , under questioning , Burke claimed that Docherty had left at 7 a.m. , while McDougal claimed that she had left in the evening .
Policy usually rely on material from reliable secondary sources .
Communist members were allowed to join the KMT on an individual basis .
The Italian Wikipedia ( Italian : Wikipedia in italiano ) is the Italian-language edition of Wikipedia .
The video dancers wearing backup dancers wearing in radioluminescence paint .
Traditionally , the weight ratio for mirepoix is 2:1:1 .
taping on January 10 , 2006 , Batista had to forfeit the World Heavyweight Championship because of a triceps injury .
In June 2007 , Sekagya signed a three-year contract with Red Bull Salzburg .
The term is also used to describe the heavy armor of the armadillo and the extinct Glyptodon , and is occasionally used as an alternative to scales in describing snakes or certain fishes , such as sturgeons , shad , herring , and menhaden .
Peña advised Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton on transportation issues during Clinton 's Presidential transition and thereafter Clinton chose Peña to head the United States Department of Transportation .
Feynman diagram and path integral methods are also used in statistical mechanics and can even be applied to classical mechanics .
The express bus station is not far from the Sungai Petani Railway Station .
In the video Classic Albums : Pink Floyd - The Making of The Dark Side of the Moon , engineer Alan Parsons described the recording of the band 's initial backing track for the song : They used the sound-effect tape loop as a sort of metronome , but Parsons gradually faded out the loop before the vocals started .
Using Huckel 's Rule , one can tell if the π-system is aromatic or anti-aromatic .
The word castle comes from the Latin word castellum which is a diminutive of the word castrum , meaning `` fortified place '' .
The precursors of chess originated in India during the Gupta Empire .
Mary of Teck ( Victoria Mary Augusta Louise Olga Pauline Claudine ) was raised in England .
The last two shows were recorded for HBO , with corresponding DVD and album releases as Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band : Live in New York City .
It has a coast on the Adriatic Sea to the west and on the Ionian Sea to the southwest .
They may also occur along large lakes and rivers where seasonal changes in water level maintain wet soils with few woody plants .
He recalled , `` My first orchestral engagement was with the Queen 's Hall Orchestra - I was probably the youngest orchestral musician ever , joining them in 1916 .
Andrew Stuart Murray McCall ( born 10 June 1964 ) , usually known as Stuart McCall , is a former footballer who played in central midfield .
The Proteaceae family to which proteas belong is an ancient one .
He was buried in Duxbury 's Old Burying Ground , now known as the Myles Standish Cemetery .
About developed areas were opened up for development with more transport options .
Muranaga joined the US Army in May 1943 .
He was intrigued that human traits could be observed in the everyday behaviors of this animal .
The tense confrontation known as the Cuban Missile Crisis occurred in October , 1962 .
Unlike the modern Foxtrot , the man often closes his feet and syncopated steps are regular occurrences ( as was the case in early Foxtrot ) .
Strong winds of intermediate duration ( around one minute ) are termed squalls .
There are three styles of gloves worn by ice hockey players .
Construction costs were paid by selling the Michigan\/Van Buren property .
Schuhbeck Check Inn GmbH was formed in 2001 to manage the Check Inn restaurant and bar in Egelsbach ( south Hesse ) .
He saw her frequently after age 18 , often exchanging greetings in the street , but never knew her in the street .
<unk> was in the Third Nome .
<unk> quantum computers will be able to solve certain problems much more quickly than any classical computer using the best known algorithms .
The eighteenth edition , which came out in 2012 , was edited by poet , critic , and editor Geoffrey O'Brien .
The album 's 13th track , `` 21st Century ( Digital Boy ) '' , was re-recorded and appeared as a single on their eighth full-length studio album Stranger Than Fiction , released in 1994 , four years after the release of Against the Grain .
All different systems were tested on the Boeing 367-80 .
His most famous works are elaborate narrative cycles , executed in a dramatic and colorful style , full of majestic architectural settings and glittering pageantry .
Each shaft is large enough to permit the passage of an entire infantry division in one hour , though the tunnels are not wide enough for tanks or vehicles .
Their theory has been styled the hot-house theory , because they thought that the atmosphere acted after the glass panes of hot-houses . ''
They had three children .
It was initially believed that the noble gases could not form compounds due to their full valence shell of electrons .
It was joining former GP2 Series teammate Giedo van der Garde .
When the potential contestants enter the cab and state their destination , they are made aware that they are in the Cash Cab as ceiling lights and a fanfare play inside , accompanied by the host 's greeting .
The Hungarian minor scale is similar to the harmonic minor scale .
It can be played in numerous ways , from stroking or shaking the jingles to striking it sharply with the hand or a stick or using the tambourine to strike the leg or hip .
John Steinbeck took the title of his 1937 novel Of Mice and Men from a line contained in the penultimate stanza : `` The best laid schemes o ' mice an ' men \/ Gang aft agley '' ( often paraphrased in English as `` The best-laid plans of mice and men \/ Often go awry '' ) .
The same year , TIME named Rihanna one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World .
While in the military , Ho traveled from state to state with his young family until he was called home to help his mother with the family bar business called Honey 's .
They are the main participants in aggressive intergroup encounters .
St Pancras is owned by London and Continental Railways , along with the adjacent area known as King 's Cross Central , and is one of 19 stations managed by Network Rail .
The Spyro series has sold more than 20 million units worldwide .
The Sounds ' current , and only , ballpark is Herschel Greer Stadium .
He also served as the Chairman of the Board until his replacement by Jeffrey O. Henley in 2004 .
Huxley compares these remains with human races .
It concerns cutting in relief on a stone composed of several colored layers , allowing the object to be presented in relief with more than one color .
In 1744 the king was compelled to abandon Carteret , and the coalition or `` Broad Bottom '' party , led by Chesterfield and Pitt , came into office in coalition with the Pelhams .
The song originated from a track titled `` Then We Stood Still '' , which was said to have been made in 2006 .
It is named after Euphrosyne , one of the Charites in Greek mythology .
Critic Roger Ebert stated that Gellar and co-star Ryan Phillippe `` develop a convincing emotional charge '' .
Elettaria cardamomum is used as a food plant by the larvae of the moth Endoclita hosei .
Dr Jason Kelly Hughes ( born 21 October 1943 in Glastonbury , UK ) is a professor of Leicester in West London .
He came to his ideas as the result of experiments in plant and animal breeding , some of which he outlined in an unpublished manuscript , the Elements of Agriculture .
Comprising approximately 1300 ( and possibly up to 2000 ) member galaxies , the cluster forms the heart of the larger Virgo Supercluster , of which the Local Group is an outlying member .
He then took up an interest in cosmic microwave background radiation ( CMB ) , previously discovered by Arno Allan Penzias and Robert Woodrow Wilson in 1964 .
In early models it was not clear what to do with the small space in the pod behind the cockpit .
Examples of the blast furnace , such as the Swedish electric blast furnace , have been developed in countries which have no native coal resources .
`` <unk> jugar '' was released in July 1995 by Telemundo .
Afterwards , he went to study in the United Kingdom , and received an MA in international relations from the London School of Economics in 1955 .
The riot of 1968 happened in the assassination of Martin Luther King , Jr. in Memphis , Tennessee .
This philosophical position forms the basis of constitutional economics .
Some sauces are industrial inventions like Worcestershire sauce , HP sauce , or nowadays bought ready-made like soy sauce or ketchup .
Finally , outside of the fourth pylon , he erected four more flagpoles and two obelisks , although one of them , which now has fallen , was not inscribed until Thutmose III inscribed it about 50 years later .
And as they came to know him , the question became , why not Ratzinger ? ''
<unk> latovittatus does not swim in schools , they are often found swimming alone or in pairs .
After he interrupts a barnyard meeting with his wild antics , Ben has a talk with his son , in which he tells him that he 'll never be happy if he just goofs off .
It is quite popular in German-speaking Europe .
Not long after , despite not taking the song seriously , Martin 's idea worked out when he had developed the tempo of the verse .
It was named `` La Fenice '' , in reference to the company 's survival , first of the fire , then of the loss of its former quarters .
He was the son of Desmond FitzGerald , the first Minister for External Affairs of the Irish Free State following independence from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1922 .
Savonarola was born on September 21 , 1452 , in Ferrara .
The University has further facilities across Stirling Highway in Nedlands , linked by pedestrian underpasses by the highway , and paths in front of the residential colleges .
Its prehensile tail assists with feeding , helping support the monkey when foraging for food below the branches .
Clark died in 1932 and his work was free from copyright in 2002 .
Many climbs that are famous from the Tour de France - like the Mont Ventoux <unk> , the Col du Galibier or Col de la Chartreuse - appear often in the Dauphiné Libéré .
One person drowned in a cellar in Fort Cobb .
These are commonly intended as statuesque display pieces rather than toys ; however , child-oriented lines such as the Masters of the universe revival and Justice League Unlimited still evoke adult collector followings as well .
More recently Matese and Whitmire re-evaluated the comet data and noted that Tyche , if it exists , would be detectable in the archive of data that was collected by NASA 's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) telescope .
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University , Indraprastha University , is a public university in Delhi , India .
Their new concept was `` cute '' and `` playful '' .
Following each discovery , engineering within the tunnels has become progressively more advanced .
Starting with the basics of heat and temperature , thermal physics analyzes the first law of thermodynamics and second law of thermodynamics .
Crotalus horridus , commonly known as timber rattlesnake , is a species of venomous Pit viper found in the eastern United States .
This marks the Blackhawks fourth consecutive season making the playoffs .
Euronext is a pan-European exchange based in Amsterdam , Brussels , London , Lisbon and Paris .
In early development , the Art Directors visited Hearst Castle , Stratford upon Avon and Dordogne for inspiration .
The prehistoric mammal Crusafontia is named after him .
One of Blessed 's earliest roles was that of PC `` Fancy '' Smith in the BBC television series Z-Cars , between 1962 and 1965 .
His body was cremated on July 11 and his ashes were buried on July 26 at Notre-Dame-des-Neiges cemetery in Montreal .
The genus Nestor consists of the Kea , Kākā , Norfolk Island Kākā and Chatham Island Kākā , while the genus Strigops contains the iconic Kākāpō .
The information gathered via the eye seemed to make vision impossible .
Other flutes include : piccolo , flutes , clarinets , and bassoons .
At the end of 2009 , he went to Leipzig to meet Pionear from Germaican Records .
Mill Ends Park ( sometimes mistakenly called Mill 's End Park ) is a tiny urban park in the median strip of SW <unk> Parkway , esplanade along the Willamette River near SW Taylor Street in downtown Portland , Oregon , United States .
These structures range in size from sheds to industrial-sized
It is a mixture of natural deciduous woodland , coniferous plantations , open heathland and the remains of early industry .
They are generally crushed before use to release their flavor .
He was a member of Phi Delta Chi Fraternity .
Chondroitin sulfate is an important structural component of cartilage and provides much of its resistance to compression .
The European education also provided talented Egyptians with a means of social mobility .
After several auditions , Naty Quinones and Tiffany Beaudoin were selected as members .
It is formed entirely from hexagonally jointed basalt columns within a Paleocene lava flow , similar in structure to the Giant 's Causeway in Northern Ireland and those of nearby Ulva .
This included the Governor of Florida , George W. Bush and of the 43rd Governor of Florida Jeb Bush .
The Sind Sparrow is a family of the sparrow family Passeridae .
In May 1972 , William Millard started businesses individually as IMS Associates ( IMS ) in the areas of computer consulting and engineering , using his home as an office .
He became an honorary secretary of the movement from 1908 , remaining in the post until 1925 .
From this point onward he began living a radical Christian life giving his property over to his wife .
He also appeared in roles in The Bad Seed ( 1956 ) ; Designing Woman ( 1957 ) , with Lauren Bacall ; and Marjorie Morningstar ( 1958 ) , with Natalie Wood and Gene Kelly .
Coronary artery disease is the most common type of heart disease .
The algorithm computes a recursive score for pages , based on the weighted sum of the PageRanks of the pages linking to them .
On the February 9 , 2010 episode of ECW , the new show 's name was announced as WWE NXT .
The Métis homeland includes regions scattered across Canada , as well as parts of the northern United States ( specifically Montana , North Dakota , and northwest Minnesota ) .
Her father 's first wife , Marta López Gil .
A chamber orchestra might employ as many as fifty musicians ; some are much smaller than that .
The fire jumped over Interstate 15 and continued west , causing significant damage in Lake Hodges , Del Dios and Rancho Santa Fe .
The 1st Battalion commander-Major Dobson-personally knocked out one tank by shooting the commander with his pistol , climbing atop the tank , and dropping a white phosphorus grenade down the hatch .
The subspecies also differ from one another in their hairiness , spine length and width , and the size of the grooming claws on their hind feet .
Pinocchio has a normal cricket , he screams and runs out .
In 1995 , Oprah Winfrey hired McGraw 's legal consulting firm CSI to prepare her for the Amarillo Texas beef trial .
There is segregation by sex and age : newborns and juveniles : juveniles under 40 cm ( 16 in ) long are found in the shallowest waters , moving deeper after a few months of life .
A tropical wave normally follows an area of sinking , intensely dry air , blowing from the northeast .
The Piccadilly line \/ ˌpɪkəˈdɪli \/ is a line of the London Underground , colored dark blue on the Tube map .
The high tides sometimes covered the garden .
Hewes was elected to the North Carolina legislature in 1763 , only three years after he moved to the colony .
The Boeing Model Model , also known as cabin .
Its official foundation was in 1133 , during Warelwast 's time , but it took many more years to complete .
Notable recordings include Faces in the Street , Beneath the Southern Cross , Bushfire , Murrumbidgee and The Shearers Dream .
The Nationalist Party of Australia was an Australian political party .
A teleological or physico-theological argument is an argument for the existence of God or God .
The island has no fresh water supply for much of the year , and has to rely on shipments , or formerly tanks .
In 1998 , she appeared as Melissa Hauer in a first-season episode of the Steven Bochco crime-drama Brooklyn South , as Leanne in two episodes of Beverly Hills , 90210 , and as Layla in an episode of The Love Boat : The Next Wave .
Former White House Press Secretaries Dee Dee Myers Myers and pollsters Patrick Caddell and Frank Luntz also served as consultants , advising the writing staff for part of the show 's run .
The first bison ever born in captivity was born in Lincoln Park .
Schismatic as pertaining to a schism or schisms , or to those ideas , policies , etc. that are thought to lead towards or promote schism .
Some scientists relate to mating in certain animals like the shark .
His proclamations even convinced the parish priest , who explained to his <unk> that the Internationalists were ` the true apostles sent by the Lord ' .
Chris Dodd worked in the Peace Corps for two years .
On average , girls begin puberty at ages 10-11 ; boys at ages 11-12 .
In television , film , and the circus , portrayals of silliness such as exaggerated , funny behavior are used to amuse audiences .
He accepted the appellation Citoyen Égalité ( Citizen Equality ) conferred on him by the Commune .
Sturgeon , a common fish , is normally skewered and grilled as a shashlik , being served with a tart pomegranate sauce called narsharab .
As the guard of one of the canopic jars and a protector , Serket gained a strong association with Aset ( Isis ) , Nebet Het ( Nephthys ) , and Neith who also performed similar functions .
In Chicago , Disturbed is an American heavy metal band .
The coat of arms appears in the center of the flag of the Dominican Republic .
On 11 February 2013 , Benedict Hua his resignation in a speech in Latin before the cardinals , citing a `` lack of strength of mind and body '' due to his advanced age .
In this version , Mustard 's sister is named Shirley .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the CDP has a total area of 14.6 km2 ( 5.6 mi2 ) .
Rosemere Farm was sold long ago .
The Convention was approved at a special United Nations conference on 28 July 1951 .
These three , plus the next five teams in the conference standings , earn playoff berths at the end of the season .
This rise to fame fuelled the sales of a small instruction book he had written about military scouting , Aids to Scouting .
The Mini-Cooper car was used in 1959 .
Curitiba is divided into nine regional governments ( equivalent to subprefecture ) , who manage the municipality 's 75 districts .
Following the Dissolution of the monasteries , the former Priory was re-established as a cathedral of secular clergy .
Fontainebleau , together with the neighbouring commune of Avon and three other smaller communes , form an urban area of 39,713 inhabitants ( according to the 2001 census ) .
Saarinen was then invited by other major American corporations to design their new headquarters : these included John Deere , IBM , and CBS .
When he became a mortuary , Gacy drove as a mortuary attendant .
In January 2010 , d'Ambrosio was announced as a reserve driver for Renault F1 , rejoining the team 's driver program thanks to its newly formed links with the Gravity Sport Management company that looks after d'Ambrosio .
On April 2 , 2008 , Stefan Elmgren announced his decision to leave HammerFall in order to pursue a career as a commercial pilot .
During the Heian period , Kai Province began in this area .
The Division was set up at the 1922 of 13 September 1922 .
Most German tanks used the MG 34 Panzerlauf for secondary armament .
Design started in 1976 .
Some independent labels become successful enough that major record companies negotiate contracts to either distribute music for the label or in some cases , purchase the label completely .
While at Yale , Altman 's Nobel Prize work came with the analysis of the catalytic properties of the ribozyme RNase P. RNase P is a ribonucleoprotein particle consisting of both a structural RNA molecule and one ( in prokaryotes ) proteins .
There are also a substantial number of Welsh speakers in the Patagonia area of Argentina .
The 1917-18 NHL season was the first season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) professional ice hockey league .
The looks of King Arthur and his brother-in-arms Kai shows contemporary rockstars .
The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world .
He worked as a foreman in the Lewelling family fruit orchards .
Alternate spelling : should not be confused with Bear Mountain .
He is tied for fifth all-time in All-Star Game batting average .
He won two of the 20 races and finishing fifth in the Drivers ' Championship .
This puzzling development was further complicated by the arrival of hundreds of Italian civilians also seeking treatment , who had been poisoned by a cloud of sulfur mustard vapor that had blown over the city when some of the John Harvey 's cargo exploded .
A memorial plaque now hangs at his old residence of 117 Lansdowne Road , London W11 .
In 1676 , Robert Hooke 's law discovered that the force a spring exerts is proportional to its extension .
Abe joined the House of Peers in 1942 .
All performances must end before midnight , and long operas start earlier in the evening when changing .
Pérez finished twelfth in the standings , with a best result of second coming at Valencia .
Dorothy Marie `` Dottie '' Metcalf-Lindenburger ( born May 2 , 1975 in Colorado ) is an American astronaut .
The many supernovae produced in the galaxy as well as the strong stellar winds of its stars have produced filaments and bubbles of ionized hydrogen with respective sizes of up to 3,700 and 380 light years that shine excited by the light of the young stars contained within them and that are conspicuous on images taken with large telescopes .
Emergencies often require delivery of different versions of the same communication at the same time .
Globular clusters are fairly common .
Usually , only three movies are nominated each year rather than five as in most categories .
Actress Susan Anspach contends that her son , Caleb Goddard ( born 1970 ) , was fathered by Nicholson , though he is not convinced he is the father .
The Virgin Islands Olympic Committee was formed in 1967 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee the same year .
Stanley Baluik ( born October 5 , 1935 ) is a former Canadian ice hockey center and professional golfer .
The stadium has 410 yards ( 410 m ) from Ipswich railway station , which is on the Great Eastern Main Line from London Liverpool Street .
Among them are Conchita Martínez , the only Spanish woman to win Wimbledon , and Eliseo Martín , bronze medal winner in the 3000 m steeplechase in the Paris World Championships ( 2003 ) .
The cinemas only shown Japanese movies , such as The Battle of Hong Kong , the only movie made in Hong Kong during the Japanese occupation .
In such cases , the alternative drug , febuxostat , has been recommended .
In some seeds this feature is wrinkled with black color .
These meteors are caused by streams of cosmic debris called meteoroids entering Earth 's atmosphere at extremely high speeds on parallel trajectories .
Benjamin Herschel Babbage ( 6 August 1815 - 22 October 1878 ) was an English engineer .
The album was released on January 23 , 2001 .
Railway Gazette International traces its history to May 1835 as The Railway Magazine .
The movie was adapted by Aurelius Battaglia , William Cottrell , Otto Englander , Erdman Penner , Joseph Sabo , Ted Sears , and Webb Smith from Collodi 's book .
Here is a colorless illustrating White .
Several composers , chief among them Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and Dmitri Shostakovich have created new editions of the opera to `` correct '' perceived technical weaknesses in the composer 's original scores .
Though the official lyrics use the phrase 김정일동지 '' ( Comrade Kim Jong-il ) to refer to the son of Kim Il-sung , the current usage of the song refers to the Supreme Commander of the Korean People 's Army since 1991 .
The system caused a damaging tornado in Eustis , Florida , where 20 houses were destroyed and 30 more were damaged .
The field also includes the study of medical and other applications of ( generally ionizing ) radiation , nuclear safety , heat\/thermodynamics transport , nuclear fuel and\/or other related disposal .
He lived at Chellaston , near Derby until he died in 1967 .
What is known , however that , in 1066 Henry de Ferrers , having been granted estates in Derbyshire , which became known as Duffield Frith .
When Voldemort kills Snape later in the story , Harry realizes that Snape was not the traitorous murderer he believed him to be , but a tragic antihero who was loyal to Dumbledore .
In the early thirteenth century the Chinese turned black powder propelled objects , formerly only used for entertainment , into weapons of war .
In 1918 the Representation of the People Act granted votes to all men over the age of 21 and women over the age of 30 .
There were 1,462 housing units at an average density of 576.0 per square mile ( 576.0 \/ km ² ) .
The October 18 show had the best ratings of any SNL show since 1994 .
It drove a 0.45-metre square vertical shaft that drove a line shaft that ran the length of the mill .
The concept of providing a formal guarantee for the distribution 's licensing policy was suggested by Ean Schuessler and the primary authors were Bruce Perens and several other Debian developers at the time .
It has nuclear fission , nuclear decay and nuclear fusion .
The 1970 Bhola cyclone was a devastating tropical cyclone that struck East Pakistan and India 's West Bengal on November 12 , 1970 .
It is 498 meters above sea level and covers an area of 41.55 km ² .
His father forbade the speaking of Yiddish at home , and Mikhail and his older brother Issy attended Soviet schools .
The idea of the idea for the series and main script was a serving Royal Navy officer , Ian Mackintosh .
On Raw , Vince forced Michaels to take a public drug test all due to Michaels and drugged by Vince 's daughter , Stephanie McMahon on the March 6th edition of Raw .
More Lego video games are Lego Star Wars III : The Clone Wars , based on the first and second seasons of The Clone Wars and Lego Battles : Ninjago based on the short video clips on the website .
Sir Timothy John Berners-Lee , KBE , FRS , FREng , FRSA , DFBCS ( born June 8 , 1955 ) is a British computer scientist .
In this scheme , the volume manager will copy the LE to a copy-on-write table just before it is written to .
The stellar core is dense , hydrogen becomes steadily converted into helium through nuclear fusion , releasing energy in the process .
During the long vacation , Charles returns to London , where he lives with his widowed father .
`` The Diamonds '' are not her backing band , but a reference to her fans .
Carson played defensive back for North Carolina from 1949 to 1951 .
On average they are larger than other parrots ; however , the Cockatiel , the smallest cockatoo species , is a small bird .
Lancaster ( local \/ ˈlæŋkɨstər \/ ; Pennsylvania Dutch : Lengeschder ) is a city in South Central Pennsylvania which serves as the seat of Pennsylvania 's Lancaster County and one of the older inland towns in the United States , ( along with Springfield , Massachusetts ; Petersburg , Virginia ; Schenectady , New York , and several other early settlements ) .
He became professor of chemistry at the University of Strasbourg in 1849 .
It was a work of synthesis , backed by his own personal observations on his travels .
Herd immunity , developed from previous exposure to cold viruses , plays an important role in limiting viral spread , as seen with younger populations that have greater rates of respiratory infections .
A clock is an instrument to indicate , keep , and co-ordinate time .
Edgar Félix Pierre Jacobs was born in Brussels in 1904 .
Famous Red Hot Chili Peppers were formed in Los Angeles by Fairfax High School classmates singer Anthony Kiedis , guitarist Hillel Slovak , bassist Flea and Jack Irons .
Due to the southwest monsoon enhanced by Muifa , it caused heavy rains in several parts of Luzon including Metro Manila .
They also played at Wheat City Arena until 1969 , and the Manex Arena from 1969 to 1972 .
Major Sir William Newenham Montague ( 27 November 1878 - 29 September 1931 ) was an Irish portrait painter .
It is possible to use solvents to prepare solids by evaporation .
West attributes most of the black community 's problems to `` existential angst derive ( d ) from the lived experience of ontological wounds and emotional scars inflicted by white supremacist beliefs and images permeating U.S. society and culture '' .
The International Ice Hockey Federation ( IIHF ) ( French : Fédération Internationale de Hockey sur Glace
When she was 16 , she began performing at a nightclub , Missouri , a gig that lasted two years .
She died October 18 , 1982 , from congestive heart failure at the age of 97 .
Five parishes are on Saint Vincent , while the sixth is made up of the Grenadine islands .
The first of Ostrom 's broad-based reviews of the osteology and phylogeny of the primitive bird Archaeopteryx appeared in 1976 .
There were no changes until lap 11 when Piquet tried to pass Patrese and went through an escape road , allowing Nannini to get ahead .
Sabellianism was embraced by Christians in Cyrenaica , to whom Demetrius , Patriarch of Alexandria , letters letters arguing against this belief .
Pope Pius VII ( 14 August 1742 - 20 August 1823 ) , born Barnaba Niccolò Maria Luigi Chiaramonti , was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the <unk> Pope from 1800 to 1823 .
The governorates are further subdivided into districts .
The production was supervised by Ben Sharpsteen and Hamilton Luske , and the movie 's sequences were directed by Norman Ferguson , T. Hee , Wilfred Jackson , Jack Kinney , and Bill Roberts .
The name Adams Morgan comes from the names of two formerly segregated area elementary schools .
This period of the war was concluded in 421 BC , with the signing of the Peace of Nicias .
The head of a county during imperial times was the magistrate .
Pasties are often locally referred to as oggies .
It was such as Pink 's Funhouse and Britney Spears ' Circus .
The KMT in 1923 had 50,000 members .
Both were about 3 m tall ( 10 ft ) .
Kidston 's partner is record producer Hugh Padgham .
Denver International Airport is located 50 miles ( 80 km ) southeast of Boulder .
Nordvorpommern ( `` North Western Pomerania '' ) was a Kreis ( district ) in the northern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania , Germany .
Belz tried to set the plane down at a small airfield outside Newton , Iowa , but hit a tree two miles short of the runway .
For the PC game , the player can choose any of the following characters and he or she will automatically be partnered with either a professional dancer or a celebrity depending on the character the player chooses .
However , it was not until the threat of invasion by the forces of Spain in 1585 that lieutenants were appointed to all counties and counties corporate and became in effect permanent .
However , at the time it was built , Barnsley FC had only just been relegated from the FA Premier League and were planning for a possible return .
He then extended his power over the Counties of Maine and Touraine .
Survivor is the American version of the Survivor reality game show , itself derived from the Swedish television series Expedition Robinson .
The Eastern Long-beaked Echidna ( Zaglossus bruijni ) is one of the four echidnas and one of three species of Zaglossus that occur in New Guinea .
However , progressive metal did not develop into a genre of its own until the mid-1980s .
It was created in 1949 and is named for Edward Grayndler ( 1867-1943 ) , a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1921 to 1934 and 1936 to 1943 , and General Secretary of the Australian Workers ' Union from 1912 to 1941 .
The protests have shared some techniques of civil resistance in sustained campaigns involving strikes , demonstrations , marches , and rallies .
Bareilles was raised Catholic and participated in the high school choir , Limited Edition , and local community theater musical productions , including her high school 's production of Little Shop of Horrors as Audrey .
Frederick GG Rose visited Angas Downs during July-October 1962 .
They may also view a log of such requests .
The make-up of the community varies significantly through the stratigraphic sequence , with both abundances and faunal composition changing as time progresses .
The issues it highlighted were soon on the agenda of the National Assembly of France .
On December 6 , 1798 , the French under Joubert occupied Turin and forced Charles Emanuel to abdicate all his territories on the Italian mainland .
From November 1973 to December 1974 he worked for the Friedrich Ebert Foundation and became active in the SPD .
He then underwent further training at Singleton , where he won prizes again for shooting and physical training , and also as most outstanding soldier in his platoon .
Streicher also remained on good terms with Hitler .
Matthew 's account suggests that the magi knew from the star that the `` king of the Jews '' had been born even before they arrived in Jerusalem .
Meerkats are also known to share their burrow with the Yellow Mongoose and ground squirrel .
In 1993 , Clancy joined a group of investors which included Peter Angelos and bought the Baltimore Orioles from Eli Jacobs .
Sir Winston Leonard Spencer-Churchill , OM , CH , DL , FRS ( 30 November 1874 - 24 January 1965 ) was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1940 to 1945 and again from 1951 to 1955 .
In 1949 his family moved to Australia and he completed his schooling at Melbourne High School .
Arguably , his most notable achievement was reconciliation between Germany and France , for which he and Aristide Briand received the Peace Prize .
He returned to WCW in late 1995 along with Dean Malenko and Chris Benoit with whom he had worked with in NJPW and ECW .
The Zhuyin characters are encoded in Unicode in the `` bopomofo '' block , in the range U +3105 ... U +312 D. Zhuyin is written in the same stroke order rule as Chinese characters .
The heroes ride Gabrielle to the mountain and fight the <unk> .
The fifth floor gallery is called `` Science and the Art of Medicine '' , with exhibits of medical instruments and practices from ancient days and from many countries .
On May Lemke , a nurse , adopted him when he was six months old .
Instead , she switched to neuroscience and worked in Royal North Shore Hospital in Sydney .
The two new planets were Upsilon Andromedae c and Upsilon Andromedae d. Like the majority of long-period extrasolar planets , Upsilon Andromedae d is its star in an eccentric orbit , more eccentric than that of any of the major planets in our solar system ( including Pluto ) .
Kevin D. Hart ( born July 6 , 1979 ) is an American actor and comedian .
At the time they were called the Lickle Rinsers Crew and went under the management of Dappy 's father Byron .
The first city in North America to start a sister city relationship was Toledo , Ohio , which sistered with Toledo , Spain in 1931 .
Dean Martin ( born June 7 , 1917 - December 25 , 1995 ) was an Italian American singer and actor .
Distant regions of space are taken to exist and be part of reality as much as we are , yet we can never interact with them .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 547 people , 199 households , and 125 families residing in the town .
When the 15-year-old King lay dying in June 1553 , he nominated Jane as successor to the Crown in his will , thus subverting the claims of his half-sisters Mary and Elizabeth under the Third Succession Act .
It has been made into a group of the preceding episode , but the Septuagint precedes it with the notice , `` From the prophecy of Habakkuk , son of Jesus , of the tribe of Levi . ''
After that season , the rules for awarding the Calder were made so that players could only be eligible if they were under 26 years old by September 15 of their rookie season .
Mars received a patent for his own process on March 3 , 1941 .
When the reaction is performed cold , some alkene may be formed .
There is no space between an opening quotation mark and the following word , or a closing quotation mark and the preceding word .
Nieves is a T12\/B2 track .
He went on to read modern languages at Merton College , Oxford University .
Despite severe under-investment , the line remained open , and in 1951 it became the first railway in the world to be preserved as a heritage railway by volunteers .
The movie also introduced Agustin Guerrero , the original El Gato Negro of the early '50s .
If one does not experience fixation in any of the psychosexual stages , one he or she has reached the genital stage he or she will grow into a well-balanced human being .
Sheep ( Ovis aries ) are quadrupedal , ruminant mammals usually kept as livestock .
Grace reached its peak intensity with winds of 85 knots ( 100 mph ; 160 km\/h ) and a minimum central barometric pressure of 980 mbar ( hPa ; 28.94 inHg ) , ranking as a Category 2 .
<unk> hydroxide are white .
Adventure Parks Group purchased the balance of the property , also subject to the conservation easement .
II , Italian : Pio II ) , born Enea Silvio Bartolomeo ( Latin Aeneas Silvius Bartholomeus ; 18 October 1405 - 14 August 1464 ) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the <unk> Pope from 19 August 1458 to his death in 1464 .
Shaftesbury had many important jobs .
A parasite may evolve to become less luminous for its host or a host may evolve to cope with the unavoidable presence of a parasite-to the point that the parasite 's absence causes the host harm .
Ralph Fletcher grew up in Marshfield , Massachusetts .
The new Port of Montreal is now Canada 's largest container port on Earth .
The city of Norfolk , Virginia also uses a mermaid as a symbol .
Both of these drafts were written around the time of his November 19 address , while the other three copies of the address , the Everett , Bancroft , and Bliss copies , were written by Lincoln for charitable purposes well after November 19 .
Unlike <unk> , centrosomes are required for the survival of the organism .
The interior of the library and all its books were destroyed by fire in the devastating earthquake that struck the city in 262 .
The airport got its current name on March 20 , 2001 .
It is not directly responsible for drawing windows , menus , etc. .
In summer 16 CE , Caius Silius marched against the Chatti with 33,000 men .
Norman control of Maine gave up the southern border of Normandy against Anjou and is one factor which enabled William to launch his successful invasion of England in 1066 .
On October 12 , 2011 a report by the Congressional Budget Office on the financial impact of the bill was released .
He was President of the Council of Ministers , as well as Minister of Foreign Affairs from November 2000 charges .
Each color receptor responds to different ranges of the color spectrum .
The texts on curse tablets are typically addressed to infernal or liminal gods such as Pluto , Charon , Hecate , and Persephone , sometimes via the mediation of a dead person .
Edward Jenner , FRS ( 17 May 1749 - 26 January 1823 ) was an English physician and scientist .
Their language Khasi is the northernmost Austroasiatic language .
He played 502 career NHL games , scoring 185 goals and 159 assists for 344 points .
Throughout Sonora , the strong winds destroyed 4,728 houses and removed the roofs of 6,827 homes .
On November 7 , 1861 , legislation was passed making way for the state university to be located in Boulder .
Haeckel produced several embryo drawings that often overemphasized similarities between embryos of related species .
In 1994 the districts of Thuringia were reorganized , and the district Sömmerda was made significantly by adding municipalities from the dissolved districts Artern and Erfurt-Land .
A few have light-sensing organs .
The `` Global 200 '' is the list of ecoregions identified by WWF as priorities for conservation .
Cherubini 's Requiem in C minor ( 1816 ) , commemorating the anniversary of King Louis XVI of France , was a huge success .
His great-grandson was Conrad II .
He was elected mayor of Scranton , Pennsylvania for six years .
The New York Yankees are an American professional baseball team .
The King Fahd Mosque in Culver City , California and the Islamic Cultural Center of Italy represent two of Saudi Arabia 's largest investments in foreign mosques as former Saudi king Fahd bin Abdul Aziz al-Saud contributed US$ 8 million and US$ 50 million to the two mosques , respectively .
When he was 10 , his mother died and his father soon remarried .
Aschenbach observes Tadzio playing on the sands .
In cases where this relationship demonstrates specificity ( the evolution of each trait is due to the other ) , and reciprocity ( both traits must evolve ) , the species are thought to have co-evolved .
He scored his first goal in the match versus SC Heerenveen , which ended in 2-0 .
Lidio John Fogolin , Sr. ( February 27 , 1927 - November 29 , 2000 ) was a professional ice hockey player for the Detroit Red Wings and Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL .
It was found by Max Wolf on September 3 , 1902 at Heidelberg .
It is the second-oldest European-American colonial town in North Carolina ( after Bath ) .
On 3 May 1488 the Chorherr ( canon regular ) of the Premonstratensian monastery Veßra and minister of Themar Antonius König founded the building of today 's church .
A children 's tin can telephone is one example .
Umbriel is a moon of Uranus .
The movie was produced for $ 30 million and shot on location in Chiawelo , Soweto , presenting fictional interviews , news footage , and video from cameras in a mock-documentary format .
Portland was the county seat of Multnomah County .
Yosemite Falls is a city in the U.S. state of Yosemite , United States .
Diced onions or green bell peppers , sauteed or raw , are sometimes added .
Her grandfather Samuel McDowell was born in Scotland .
<unk> ) are cells produced by the differentiation of monocytes in tissues .
Lavigne described the album as being about `` life '' .
FitzGerald was elected Taoiseach on 30 June 1981 .
The chief technological development was the edge .
The Bayeux War Cemetery with its memorial includes the largest British cemetery dating from the Second World War in France .
The name change became official on the March 2 episode of SmackDown !
It is also the last revolt in Frisian history and is remembered as such to this day .
The story is about a group of delinquents that refer to themselves as `` drapes '' and their interaction with the rest of the town and its other subculture , the `` squares '' , in 1950s Baltimore , Maryland .
In 1867 , Prince Alfred , Duke of Edinburgh and second son of Queen Victoria , visited the islands .
First Baptist Church was founded in November 1887 by Allen Hill of Jennings County , Indiana .
He served as acting United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) on two occasions during the administration of Bill Clinton .
During contract negotiations in 2001 , the four were threatened with breach of contract suits by Warner Bros. .
The 10-membered Shree Puneri Pagadi Sangh had applied before the Geographical Indication Registry to get a Geographical Indication ( GI ) tag for the pagadi .
She traveled thousands of miles from North Dakota to the Pacific Ocean between 1804 and 1806 .
Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing .
Percy is called by a hippocampus to rescue a marine cow-like creature .
The assault began at 5:00 a.m. and by 10:50 a.m. the Allied commanders were forced to call a retreat .
James Douglas Muir `` Jay '' Leno ( \/ ˈlɛnoʊ \/ ; born April 28 , 1950 ) is an American comedian , actor , voice actor , writer and television host .
The name Werriwa derives from a local Aboriginal name for Lake George , which was in the division when it was established in 1900 .
The flattening allows more ommatidia to receive light from a spot and higher resolution .
Other types of light pollution are more common .
Since the downfall of the Taliban , crime rate has significantly increased in the capital city Kabul .
Throughout the series there are many references to Richard , as Mayall 's character is a fan .
The meditation practice involves the use of a <unk> mantra and is practiced for 15-20 minutes twice per day while sitting with one 's eyes closed .
The population is closely related to the herring stocks , and they follow the herring schools within the sea .
The Wilson 's Bird-of-paradise is a small , up to 21 centimetres ( 8.3 in ) long , passerine bird of the Paradisaeidae family .
He received his undergraduate education at Penn State University , where he majored in biochemistry .
Coordinates : 52 ° 20 ′ N 1 ° 11 ′ E \/ 52.333 ° N 1.183 ° E \/ 52.333 ; 1.183 The Hoxne Hoard ( \/ ˈhɒksən \/ HOK-sən ) is the largest hoard of late Roman silver .
Seán Thomas O'Kelly ( 25 August 1882 - 23 November 1966 ) was the second President of Ireland .
The nomes are listed in separate tables for Upper and Lower Egypt The nomes are listed in
The free version includes 25 unique levels , plus the ability to unlock five popular levels taken from the main game .
Because of this , it may have been a prehistoric `` calendar '' marking the summer solstice .
Some of these overlap those in the <unk> gospels and some are not part of the Bible .
Lully created French-style
The Palace of Westminster is a short walk downstream to the north through the Victoria Tower Garden .
This was due to the UK 's intelligence agencies use of Enigma-like machines which they promoted and sold to other governments .
The flowers are produced in clusters of 9-15 together , each flower about 1 centimetre ( 0.4 in ) diameter with a ring of numerous white stamens .
Burnouts are also common in informal street racing , usually for show value .
The parables of Jesus can be found in all the canonical gospels .
Equivalent to the English word Indian , okla humma was a phrase in the Choctaw language used to describe the Native American race as a whole .
The simplest form of ecosystem valuation for orthodox environmental economists is to hold that an ecosystem has a value equivalent to its ecological yield valued as it would be on commodity markets :
Victoire , like all of her sisters , mourned intensely .
Fanshawe was published anonymously in 1828 .
It goes well with medjool dates and also champagne .
The defense was made on three lines with trenches , anti-tank ditches , pillboxes and others .
A three-quarter flat , or sesquiflat , is represented by a half flat and a regular flat ( ) .
ca which severely limit the number of characters that may be used in a message .
Blythe House also houses facilities including a conservation laboratory , a photographic studio , and a quarantine area where newly arrived items are examined .
During the 2005 Pulcinella Awards , the season won the `` Best Action\/Adventure TV Series '' award as well and the general `` Best TV Series '' award .
In early 1997 , German label included four albums .
Section 96 gives the Commonwealth power to make grants to States `` on such terms and conditions as the Parliament thinks fit '' .
A candlelight vigil was held in Montreal .
It released a salsa and a ballad version .
The Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians , part of which are located within Zakarpattia Oblast , were recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2007 .
They build cup-shaped twig nests in trees , which are lined with grasses .
This means the distance a patient can walk in six minutes .
By 1915 , absinthe was banned in the United States and in much of Europe , including France , the Netherlands , Belgium , Switzerland and Austria-Hungary .
He was traded back to the Hamilton Tigers before the start of the 1921-22 season , playing parts of two season there before another trade in 1923 sent him to the Saskatoon Sheiks of the West Coast Hockey League .
AES is based on a design principle known as a substitution-permutation network , and is fast in both software and hardware .
Unsatisfied with Opeth 's slow progress , Döring and Dimeo left the band after their first performance , and were replaced by guitarist Kim Pettersson and bassist Johan DeFarfalla .
Wildside 's weekly one hour TV show aired nationally and was available to as much as 40 % of the United States at its peak .
Introduced to India , the Portuguese <unk> and potatoes are today an important part of Indian cuisine .
Benedict Arnold ( January 14 , 1741 ( O.S. January 3 , 1740 ) - June 14 , 1801 ) was a general during the American Revolutionary War but defected to the British Army .
Cyclamates are still used in many countries outside of the United States .
Dante mentioned in his Divina Commedia the free town of Pistoia as the home town of Vanni Fucci , who is encountered in Inferno tangled up in a knot of snakes while cursing God .
His first book , Cedric the Forester , received one of the inaugural Newbery Honor awards in 1922 , for `` the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children '' .
It is a suburb of San Diego , California .
Hercules kicks down the door , Hera 's priest fight him , and lights the torch .
In the early 1970s , efficient ab initio computer programs such as ATMOL , Gaussian , IBMOL , and POLYAYTOM began to be used to speed up ab initio calculations of molecular orbitals .
Frederick died in an armchair in his study in the palace of Sanssouci on 17 August 1786 .
The foundations of 4-H began around the start of the 20th century , with the work of several people in different parts of the United States .
The five stars forming the fingers symbolise democracy , peace , progress , justice and equality in vibrant colors reflecting the nation 's diversity .
The two <unk> were suspension bridges , with the suspension rods anchored both at the abutments and through rods .
She returned to Philadelphia to attend the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and the Pennsylvania Museum of Industrial Art .
This means push notifications to alert players when it is their turn .
No mechanized vehicles nor developed campgrounds are allowed in these areas .
The Sorai school introduced Selections of Tang Poetry , a work thought to have been edited by Li Panlong ( 李攀竜 1514-70 ) .
Nearby towns and villages are Calarie , Parkes , Bedgerebong , Bundabarrah , Corradgery , Daroobalgie , Eugowra , Ooma North and Paytens Bridge .
Today , it is still the home of the state legislature and the offices of the governor and lieutenant governor .
Like many other brightly colored moths , it is unpalatable ; the larvae use members of the genus Senecio as foodplants .
Yawning may be an outside of the same imitative impulse .
Sanam Luang is the public square in front of Wat Luang 's ² .
A typical symptoms of a cold include cough , runny nose , nasal nose , nasal congestion and a sore throat .
A vacuole is a membrane-bound organelle which is present in all plant and fungal cells .
During World War I , he served as an ambulance driver on the Western Front .
He graduated from Sandhurst on 15 December 2006 , the graduation parade being attended by the Queen and the Prince of Wales .
The two largest groups are the European People 's Party ( EPP ) and the Socialists & Democrats ( S&D ) .
He became a prominent figure in the Austrian School of economic thought and is best known for his work on praxeology , a study of human choice and action .
Isotopes have been produced with enough protons to plant them upon an island of stability but with too few neutrons in the island 's outer `` shores '' .
If the surface will push back against any curvature in much the same way as a ball pushed uphill will push back to minimize its gravitational potential energy .
The St. Vincent Parrot is considered Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species .
Thile began playing the mandolin at the age of five .
The line of march was now stretched out perilously long - between 15 and 20 kilometers .
He traded tobacco and other merchandise and supplies with Virginia and the West Indies , and made voyages to England .
In the following years he was involved with the research of the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Tanzania and Kenya , the 2000 USS Cole bombing in Aden , Yemen , and the destructive attacks of September 11 , 2001 , on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon .
The House was deposed from the Brazilian throne , in 1889 , when Brazil was made a republic .
It is named after Thurgood Marshall , a Baltimore native and the first African American to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States .
Deontological ethics is also contrasted to pragmatic ethics .
It ends near the Dover Air Force Base and DE 1 continues south on Bay Road .
At times , cognates may even be opposites .
If there was some gene flow between the populations , these adaptations could spread to the rest of the species .
Titov would claim in an interview that he ejected from his capsule as a test of an alternative landing system ; it is now known that all Vostok program landings were performed this way .
Former British settlements and crown colonies of Penang and Malacca ( both peninsular ) and Sabah ( both on Borneo ) each have a titular Governor ( styled Yang di-Pertua Negeri ) appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong and an executive Chief Minister or Ketua Menteri .
In later times , during the Ptolemaic period , Anubis was merged with the Greek god Hermes , becoming Hermanubis .
This expression , which has no specific appropriateness to the person or situation depicted , may have been a device to give the figures a distinctive human characteristic .
In chemistry , pi bonds ( π bonds ) are covalent chemical bonds .
The suburb of Bonner in Canberra , Australia 's national capital , also bears his name .
Jamie Anderson is an American female singer from Tucson , Arizona , best known as a performer of women 's music .
The group had vocalist and songwriter Kathleen Hanna , Billy Karren , bassist Kathi Wilcox , and drummer Tobi Vail .
The Dark Knight Rises was a movie movie .
Musically , the song is a progressive house song with influences of ambient music .
Instead , by 1856 , the young Hawaiian was a major on the staff of King Kamehameha IV .
The goal of computational chemistry is to minimize this residual error while keeping the calculations tractable .
The ground currently has a capacity of 21,421 and was the first all-seated and all-covered stadium in the United Kingdom .
As antitank-guns 386 Böhler 47 mm L\/39s were available .
In 1867 , he was in Lviv a co-founder of the first Jewish-political association of Austria-Hungary , Shomer Israel .
Upon his return , he attended Kenyon College .
<unk> can be called ` alpine dingoes ' `` desert '' .
Famicom Tsūshin is a line of Japanese video game magazines published by Enterbrain .
and over 400 scientific papers .
She turned herself in to authorities in 1980 .
In 2007 , she met Glyn MacLean , the director and owner of Oikos Music Group .
They taking Malay language examinations in Malaysia .
Most other jurisdictions , including New York , England , and Australia have refused to allow the wrongful life cause of action .
All of these processes gain their efficiency ( or lack thereof ) due to the temperature drop across them .
Historically in Lancashire , the name Hulme is derived from the Old Norse word for a small island , or land surrounded by water or marsh .
They emerge at dusk to graze on grasses .
Telomerase was found by Carol W. Greider and Elizabeth Blackburn in 1984 .
The four border guards involved at first obtained an award ( Leistungsabzeichen der Grenztruppen ) from the chief of the Grenzkommandos Mitte border guards , Erich Wöllner , and a prize of 150 East German Marks each .
In his remaining years he brought significant innovation and change to typography , exhibition design , photomontage , and book design , producing critically respected works and winning international acclaim for his exhibition design .
It originally appeared on the group 's With the Beatles album in the United Kingdom , released in 1963 , and on their Meet the Beatles !
This way , he collected and published some 3,000 songs , many of them adapted to choir singing .
After the gorge the route then connects up with the eastern coastal Su'ao - Hualien Highway .
Taxes on property , land , commercial and water were payable to CIDCO .
More than two-thirds of palm species live in tropical forests , where some species grow tall enough to form part of the canopy and shorter ones form part of the understory .
Victor Amadeus I ( Italian : Vittorio Amedeo I di Savoia ) ( 8 May 1587 - 7 October 1637 ) was the Duke of Savoy from 1630 to 1637 .
Second generation biofuels are now being produced from a much broader range of feedstocks including the cellulose in dedicated energy crops ( perennial grasses such as switchgrass and Miscanthus giganteus ) , forestry materials , the co-products from food production , and domestic vegetable waste .
On June 21 , the JMA upgraded the system into a tropical storm and named it Haima , with the JTWC following suit on June 22 .
Aérospatiale and Deutsche Airbus each took a 36.5 % share of production work , Hawker Siddeley 20 % and the Dutch company Fokker-VFW 7 % .
At the Battle of Badr in 624 , a small Muslim force defeated the much larger Meccan army .
Artur Schnabel ( April 17 , 1882 - August 15 , 1951 ) was an Austrian classical pianist .
The Lesser Black-backed Gull ( Larus fuscus ) is a large gull that breeds on the Atlantic coasts of Europe .
Following his father 's footsteps , Yasir has also become a Qari .
Juan Canaverys ( 1748-1822 ) was an Italian notary and functionary , or official , for the viceroyalty of Río de la Plata .
About 1900 , Arrhenius became involved in setting up the Nobel Institutes .
Ivan again attained major hurricane status as it approached the Lesser Antilles , and at 2130 UTC on September 7 the cyclone passed 7 miles ( 11 km ) south-southwest of the southern tip of Grenada , its closest approach to the island .
Symantec also markets a bundle of Version 4.0 and the 2009 version for Windows , intended for users with both Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X installed .
She also praised Rangel 's colony era work which was used `` to denounce colonial dictatorship '' , and pointed out that many of Rangel 's photographs had been banned until Mozambique 's independence .
He is regarded as one of the founders of modern psychosurgery , having developed the surgical procedure leucotomy - known better today as lobotomy - for which he became the first Portuguese national to receive a Nobel Prize in 1949 .
In England , pencils continued to be made from whole sawn graphite .
Ducks are mostly aquatic birds , mostly smaller than the swans and geese , and may be found in both fresh water and sea water .
Cavendish entered the Tour de France .
A 7.8 magnitude earthquake near the Aleutian Islands created a fourteen-meter high tsunami that hit Hilo 4.9 hours later , killing 160 people .
He was particularly dominant in rapid chess , winning a tournament ahead of the reigning World Chess Champion , Emanuel Lasker , in 1906 .
Babchuk made his North American debut with the Blackhawks affiliate , in the 2003-04 season .
Labor has never tallied less than 58 percent of the two-party preferred vote in a general election .
As a nineteen-year-old , he made the team straight out of training camp .
In September 1994 , a description of it was anonymously posted to the Cypherpunks mailing list .
In the halls of foreign art the exhibition begins with the culture of Ancient Egypt and Greece .
Creighton won the Liberal-Progressive nomination for Brandon City in the 1953 provincial election , defeating W.A. Wood and J.C. MacDonald at a contested meeting .
Only a few thousand actually entered Palestine .
The conception of romantic love was popularized in Western culture by the idea of courtly love .
Construction was started on the dam in 1964 .
However , it is not the only standard for country codes .
Laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from the Peranakan culture .
In recent years , successful efforts have been made to remove possums , rats , ferrets , and other mammals from many offshore islands .
NAS Oceana also was the location where the F-14 took off for the last time for final flight of the type when F-14D , Bureau Number ( BuNo ) 164603 , Modex 101 , of Fighter Squadron 31 ( VF-31 ) was ferried .
Lassie has also favor of two Emmy Awards .
Some waterparks are more spa-oriented .
The city is on the southeastern-most tip of the Korean peninsula .
The county seat , Crawfordville , is the only unincorporated county seat among Florida 's 67 counties .
It was released on November 11 , 2013 .
In most cases where most butterflies are diurnal .
The corpus of Mandaean literature , though quite large , covers topics such as eschatology , the knowledge of God and the afterlife-in an unsystematic manner .
After all of her big wins , she would travel to New York and spend her money on clothes .
At levels between 215 metres ( 705 ft ) and 209 metres ( 686 ft ) below sea level , it is the lowest freshwater lake on Earth and the second-lowest lake overall ( after the Dead Sea , a saltwater lake ) .
During her teens she appeared in more than 30 television commercials for such trade marks as Coca Cola , Pepsi and Johnson & Johnson & Johnson .
This refers to the layout of cabling , the locations of nodes , and the interconnections between the nodes and the cabling .
However the islands are still considered to be part of the ceremonial county of Cornwall .
Madigan is married to cartoonist Pat Byrnes , and they have two daughters .
In addition Port Arthur had some of the strictest security measures of the British penal system .
Rachel had waiting for Quinn , who had gone home to get her bridesmaid dress , to arrive .
In 1998 , she contributed back-up vocals for the Refugee Camp 's `` It 's Too Late '' , a Carroll King cover .
His short play Murderer , the Hope of Women ( 1909 , set ten years later by Paul Hindemith as Mörder , Hoffnung der Frauen ) is often called the first Expressionist drama .
The transition from Potwarmus to Antemus to Progonomys and Karnimata is considered an excellent example of anagenic evolution .
Tokyo Disneyland ( 東京ディズニーランド , Tōkyō Dizunīrando ? )
Honey badgers are intelligent animals and are one of a few species known to be capable of using tools .
The district is named after the Kyffhäuser mountains .
It is about 21 km ( 13 mi ) long and 13 km ( 8.1 mi ) wide .
However , it does not absorb the water freezing .
Since the late 1990s , devil facial <unk> disease has drastically to be endangered .
Accounts of early versions have been written since 1610 .
The province is dominated by the Murghab River in the north and the Hari-Rud River in the south .
If these post-war appearances , are counted , Bohemia has missed only three Olympics : the inaugural 1896 Summer Olympics , the first held outside Europe and the boycotted 1984 Summer Olympics .
Secondary structure refers to highly regular local sub-structures .
To the East and West of the Peninsula Ridge lie the Carpentaria and Laura Basins , themselves made up of ancient Mesozoic sediments .
Other declining woodland birds in good numbers include Barking Owls , Glossy Black-Cockatoos , Grey-crowned Babblers , Grey-crowned Babblers , Speckled Warblers , Brown Robins and Turquoise Parrots .
They contain solvent , powdered filter material , diatomite , and water .
Figure skating ( in 1920 ) and ice hockey ( in 1920 ) were featured as Olympic events at the Summer Olympics .
, ( February 8 , 785 24 , 842 ) was the 52nd emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
The Recording Industry Association of America is a trade organization that represents the recording industry in the United States .
Its remnants caused blackouts as far east as Saint Petersburg .
Rave culture originated mostly from acid house music parties in the Chicago area in the United States .
It grew quickly in 1167 when English students returned from the University of Paris .
Several reviewers underline the narrative 's ironic and satirical aspect , including the names of the characters , Latin quotations and idioms as well as the parallelism between the seven days of Creation and scientific hominization .
A Frenchman living in Germany can race with a German licence , but the nationality displayed would still be French .
In the 12th century Pavia acquired the status of a self-governing commune .
Garden gnomes have become a popular accessory in many gardens .
After apparently surviving for a while , the Egyptian Empire collapsed in the mid twelfth century BC .
However , the problem continued for the new revised section .
Hydrogen may be produced from water using the process of electrolysis , but this process is significantly more expensive commercially than hydrogen production from natural gas .
St Keverne was in the Middle Ages the site of an important monastery .
So , hypostyle mosques have outer arcades so that visitors can enjoy the shade .
In 2005 , Kroes was selected as `` Model of The Year '' on Vogue.com by readers .
Pakistan left the Commonwealth in 1972 over the issue of the former East Pakistan province becoming independent but rejoined in 1989 , then suspended from the Commonwealth twice : first 18 October 1999 to 22 May 2004 and 22 November 2007 to 22 May 2008 .
The physicists assigned the same number 16 to the atomic mass of the most common oxygen isotope ( containing eight protons and eight neutrons ) .
Despite voting Gregg out , Katie felt betrayed by Ian , and her feelings worsened when Ian took Tom with him on a reward instead of her as he had promised .
He proposed marriage to Elinor Miriam White , but she demurred , wanting to finish college ( at St. Lawrence University ) before they married .
Schrock is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , National Academy of Sciences and was elected to the Board of Overseers of Harvard University in 2007 .
Lightcurve variations indicate a non-spherical body , consistent with the lightcurve and radar results .
The coast is 27 km ( 17 mi ) long , made up of rocks , smooth cliffs and several bays .
Samantha Eggar ( born 5 March 1939 ) is an English movie , television and voice actress .
The Premier of Victoria is the leader of the government in the Australian state of Victoria .
Originally known as the Airport Railway Phase 2 , the contracts of the West Rail Line Interface Works were awarded shortly after construction works of the West Rail commenced .
There are many vendors that sell food , drink , and other festivities .
For his work on the isolobal analogy , Hoffmann was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1981 , which he shared with Kenichi Fukui .
He attended Colorado State Teachers College ( now named the University of Northern Colorado ) , and earned his master 's degree .
Michael is the first posthumous compilation album of previously unreleased tracks by American recording artist Michael Jackson .
She was also named `` One of the Best New Artists of 2006 '' by AOL and the `` Top Songwriter of 2006 '' by ASCAP .
It was an Armenian militant organization .
Interactive Entertainment for Microsoft Windows and the PlayStation 3 , Wii U and Xbox 360 video game consoles .
Their role is to phagocytose , or engulf and then digest , cellular debris and pathogens , either as stationary or as mobile cells .
The Court is made of a Chief Justice and six Associate Justices .
Roddenberry was born on August 19 , 1921 in El Paso , Texas .
He includes a part in the careers of Aretha Franklin , Rod Stewart , Alicia Keys , Barry Manilow , Christina Aguilera , Carlos Santana , Kelly Clarkson , Leona Lewis and Jennifer Hudson .
Although these functions are not as well characterized as those of heparan sulfate , new roles continue to be discovered for the chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans .
John Ross `` J.R. '' Ewing , Jr. is a fictional character in the hit U.S. television series Dallas ( 1978-91 ) .
It is exercised on the last month of the training and is to ensure that the soldiers can trust each other with their lives .
Like other groups , the members of this family show patterns in electron configuration , especially in the outermost shells , resulting in trends in chemical behavior , although roentgenium is probably an exception : All Group 11 elements are relatively inert , corrosion-resistant metals .
One meaning of her name is `` the breaker of chains '' or `` the prison opener . ''
After becoming an extratropical cyclone , Chantal kept scattered convection near its center , though its main area of convection and clouds extended to its north .
PepsiCo took great advantage of the campaign with television commercials reporting the results to the public .
That same year , he was elected to the Croatian Parliament as the representative of Fiume .
In ensemble rehearsals rehearsals , a electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch .
They most often focused on the moral lessons of the novels .
Balukas was the U.S Open 's youngest winner ever .
Professional boxer and WBC Welterweight Champion Floyd Mayweather , Jr. , who was in attendance and a close friend of Mysterio 's , came to his aid and confronted Big Show .
The theory of state preeminence over local governments was expressed as Dillon 's Rule in an 1868 case : `` Municipal corporations owe their origin to , and derive their powers to , and wholly from , the legislature .
It is named in honor of the late William M. Jennings , who was a governor and president of the New York Rangers and a builder of ice hockey in the United States .
The Red Kangaroo 's range of vision is approximately 300 ° , due to the position of its eyes .
The elaboration of these beliefs is very detailed , focusing on how the beliefs ( faiths ) come to be and the way they are described and declared .
Following the success of Tha Carter III , Lil Wayne decided to record a rock album titled Rebirth , in which he is featured playing guitar and singing with the help of Auto-Tune .
All stories originally written in the English language and published in an American or Canadian periodical are eligible for consideration .
The Primetime Emmy Award is an American accolade bestowed by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in recognition of American primetime television programming .
German diplomacy faced a catastrophic situation '' .
It includes two songs from the original movie , `` The Lion Sleeps Tonight '' and `` Hakuna Matata '' , re-performed by Nathan Lane who voiced the character Timon .
It is the earliest known example of Maithili poetry .
Both he and his first wife Martha were both buried at Burial Hill in Plymouth .
`` One More Night '' is a song by American pop rock band Maroon 5 .
Texas Monthly is published by Emmis Publishing and has been published by Emmis Publishing , L.P. since 1998 .
His orations provide an insight into the politics and culture of ancient Greece during the 4th century BC .
Sources include : Small electricity generators are often powered by reciprocating engines burning diesel , biogas or natural gas .
The business had become important enough that the move was covered in the local paper .
In the case S.H.C. v. Sheng-Yen Lu , the Superior Court of King County granted the Temple 's motion for summary judgment , and the Court of Appeals later `` affirm ( ed ) the trial court 's grant of summary judgment dismissing all claims against the Temple . ''
In 1951 it was sold to James Watson of Newcastle upon Tyne for the sum of # 500 who placed the island under the stewardship of the National Trust of Guernsey .
Sérusier 's ideas regarding the coherence between music and painting gave rise to her theory of vibrism , which is a middle course between the Synthetic Cubism of the pre-war period and Larionov and Goncharova 's Rayonism .
The famous painter Otto Dix was born in Gera in 1891 .
Throughout the early months of 1922 , Collins had been sending IRA units to the border and sending arms and money to the northern units of the IRA .
After graduation , students can prepare the Commercial pilot licence or going to he course technicien aéronautique d'exploitation ( TAE , in English aeronautical operations <unk> ) , training also accessible from two other recruitment .
He was described as the Formula One teams ' unofficial shop steward .
She also instituted an Easter egg roll on the White House lawn .
NOESA is not required for the DESA award , but DESA recipients may not receive the NOESA .
For every 100 females , age 18 and over , there are 102.6 males .
The US Consul General in Constantinople also took an active part in drafting the conference decisions .
This is an additional validation of the Milankovitch hypothesis by a relatively novel method , and is inconsistent with the `` inclination '' theory of the 100,000-year cycle .
The Galilean moons are Jupiter discovered by Galileo Galilei around January 1610 .
He joined the Høst group during the Nazi occupation of Denmark .
This had all of its scheduled games canceled due to a labor dispute with the NHL Players Association over the Collective Bargaining Agreement ( CBA ) between the league and its players .
The country has the best education levels of all the Central American nations , and one of the best in Latin America .
Thus , he attends Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to practice magic under the guidance of Albus Dumbledore and other school professors .
<unk> were created from such mixtures of sweet and savoury foods ; in Tudor England , shrid pies ( as they were known then ) were formed from shredded meat , suet and dried fruit .
On top of the full motion video capabilities of the CD-i , Hotel Mario made use of the system 's internal clock by displaying messages that vary by date .
However , if one member of a pair dies or disappears , the other will choose a new mate .
The Gregorian calendar replaced the Julian in Catholic countries beginning in 1582 .
The largest and best-preserved continental flood basalt terrain on Earth is part of the Mackenzie Large Igneous Province in Canada .
South Georgia , the South Sandwich Islands and Bouvet Island are protected as nature reserves , with Bird Island , South Georgia being a site of special scientific interest .
The tree line is the edge of the habitat at which trees are capable of growing .
218 ) , signed on December 24 , 1814 in the Flemish city of Ghent , was the peace treaty that ended the War of 1812 between the United States of America and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
Outside of Europe , Ashkenazy served as music director of the NHK Symphony Orchestra from 2004 to 2007 .
On November 18 , 1803 , the Haitian army led by Jean-Jacques Dessalines defeated a French colonial army led by the Comte de Rochambeau .
The drivers ' briefing has no purpose .
During the course of the Peloponnesian War , Alcibiades changed his political allegiance on several occasions .
McHale made a guest appearance on the finale of Last Comic Standing sixth season , when he recapped the show 's events in his typical format of jokes made popular on The Soup .
For that year , Billboard magazine also ranked Dr. Dre as the eighth best-selling musical artist , The Chronic as the sixth best-selling album , and `` Nuthin ' but a ` G ' Thang '' as the 11th best-selling single .
The couple were legally divorced in 1990 .
He describes Alyosha as relying on forgiveness , kindness and natural justice , rather than attempting to change the social order .
As traditionally defined , the family is often limited to just one genus , Brachycephalus , but it is closely related to Ischnocnema , which is placed in the family in recent treatments .
OutKast won Best New Rap Group at the Source Awards in 1995 .
During these early years , Mello had no doubt that he would be a scientist when he grew up .
He fought in the Battle of the Bulge where a severe case of frostbite nearly required the amputation of his hands and feet .
Three subspecies are currently recognized , including the nominate subspecies .
The peat fires can burn almost indefinitely ( or at least until the fuel is exhausted ) .
They can range in size from 1-12 mm .
The `` Jurassic was named by a French geologist Alexandre Brogniart for the extensive marine limestone exposures of the Jura Mountains .
Knappertsbusch died in Munich in 1965 .
The materials thrown off from the supernova explosion are ionized by the energy and the compact object that it can produce .
In 1791 he assisted Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart as a copyist with La clemenza di Tito and is presumed to have written the secco recitatives in the first .
She has four children with Elizabeth : Prince Charles , Princess Anne , Prince Andrew , and Prince Edward .
In 1971-72 , he carried out postdoctoral studies at the University of Cambridge with Lord Jack Lewis .
Jell-O must be put in a refrigerator until served , and once set , it can be eaten .
In 1064 Geoffrey failed to come to the aid of one of his vassals , Rainaldus of Chateau-Gontier , who was captured by the Bretons .
The Dassault Rafale ( French pronunciation : ( ʁafal ) , squall ) is a <unk> fighter made by Dassault Aviation .
Idomeneo tells them that since she has lost everything , he will be her father and Crete .
Ananke orbits Jupiter on a high eccentricity and high inclination retrograde orbit .
<unk> Fireworks take many forms to produce the four primary effects : noise , light , smoke and floating materials ( confetti for example .
He also scored four runs , drove in three , and stole two bases in the Royals ' 14-1 victory .
Svalbard is the home of the armored polar bears in Philip Pullman 's His Dark Materials trilogy .
Cabell remarried in June 1949 ; Cabell remarried in June 1950 to Margaret Waller Freeman .
They are burning with urination and having to urinate frequently ( or an urge to urinate ) in the absence of vaginal discharge and significant pain .
He also conducted sophisticated tests and developed engineering methods for water turbine design .
Ricketts retired from the Royal Marines on 1 June 1944 because of ill health and died at his home in Reigate , Surrey , on 15 May 1945 , after an operation for cancer .
Other health communications programs , vaccination programs , and distribution of condoms are examples of common public health measures .
Since ancient times , the area around the mouth of the Don River has held cultural and commercial importance .
On the November 26 episode of Raw , James defeated Melina in a number one contenders match for Beth Phoenix 's Women 's Championship .
There was certainly an awareness and appreciation of Garland among Stonewall Inn showing .
The 737-500 was launched in 1987 .
There was also HQ located in North Ward , Townsville .
The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration uses its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones in their area of responsibility .
He are called `` <unk> '' .
Higher education , post-secondary education , post-secondary education or third level education is an optional final stage of formal learning that occurs after secondary education .
He declined to seek either office , instead opting to continue serving as Mayor of New York .
These island groups all sit on top of the Scotia Ridge , which frames the Scotia Sea on the north , east , and south .
It earned $ 10.5 million from advertisers , while its host was paid more than $ 500,000 .
He was considered the oldest son of the Earth god Geb , and the sky goddess Nut , as well as being brother and husband of Isis .
Occupying the northern third of the island of Great Britain , Scotland is a border with England to the south , and the North Channel and Irish Sea to the east .
His resignation became effective on 28 February 2013 .
Since the day of the protests , Armenians ( and other Soviets as well ) to this day visit the memorial and make protests around the world to gain acceptance of the Armenian Genocide by Turkey .
pyrite was sometimes found in association with small quantities of gold .
linux became comp .
Leo Belgicus , Latin for Belgic or Netherlandic Lion , is both a heraldic device and was a popular design of map of the Low Countries ( the current day Netherlands , Luxembourg and Belgium ) drawn in the shape of a lion .
The origins of the concept of hotspots lie in the work of J. Tuzo Wilson , who postulated in 1963 that the Hawaiian Islands result from the slow movement of a tectonic plate across a hot region beneath the surface .
Its name is a reference to Dolphin , the GameCube 's codename during development .
Electronic dance music is a electronic music genres .
The name is also sometimes spelt as Panjab or Panjaab or Punjaab .
After high school , Carter enrolled at Georgia Southwestern College in Americus .
Once the antler has achieved its full size , the velvet is lost and the antler 's bone dies .
They have sold over 70 million records worldwide .
Disposable diapers contain absorbent chemicals and are thrown away after use .
Haitink became sole chief conductor in 1963 , and served in this post until 1988 .
When an article on topic has the tone of an advertisement , the article can often be salvaged by rewriting it in a neutral point of view .
Vertical wheels can transmit power either through the axle or via a ring gear and typically drive belts or gears ; horizontal wheels usually directly drive their load .
Until 1 March 2007 the young squatters used the house as if the change of ownership had not happened and the new owners were not allowed inside at any time .
Jhulelal is the <unk> Dev ( community God ) of Sindhi people .
Anti-coagulated blood yields plasma containing fibrinogen and clotting factors .
<unk> medications are usually preferred if undersecretion of uric acid .
In a survey of faculty at the University of Nebraska , 68 % rated themselves in the top 25 % for teaching ability .
Kampfgruppe Peiper attacked Stavelot on 18 December .
Thus , seawater flow is eastward in the Strait 's surface waters , and westward below ; once in the Atlantic , this chemically distinct Mediterranean Intermediate Water can persist thousands of kilometres away from its source .
The driver stalled the car while trying to avoid a collision with another car .
Women 's football has a national league since 1991 .
Williams suggested that some genes responsible for increased fitness in the younger .
Its name is Latin for crab and it is commonly represented as one .
Elections to the new Congress of People 's Deputies were held in March and April 1989 .
They include Grover Underwood , Grover , Grover and Grover Underwood .
Be Here Now ( or Remember , Be Here Now ) is a 1971 1971 book on spirituality , yoga and meditation by the <unk> yogi and spiritual teacher Ram Dass .
Each article is updated yearly and the date is published on the article .
Carol Chumney , another member of the Memphis City Council , was also invited to appear on The Political Cesspool , but ultimately declined the invitation after listening to an episode of the show ; Chumney said , `` what I heard was about advocating for prostitution ... So I told them I had other commitments . ''
Cuba remained a colony of Spain until the Spanish-American War of 1898 .
This army unit was mostly made up of second-generation Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland .
Robinson arrived in New York City on February 14 , 1903 .
She was buried next to the president and her first son at Place of Meditation on the grounds of the Eisenhower Library in Abilene , Kansas .
Bipasha Basu ( born 7 January 1979 ) is an Indian actress .
On 15 April 1878 , Constable Fitzpatrick , went to the Kelly 's house to arrest Dan Kelly for stealing horses .
Because of this , Party branches exist at a more local level to organise activities and liaise with Labor Parties .
A layer of stems along its slope will slide downward and accumulate in the space opposite the yerba .
Bruce Moreland left the band for the first time soon after this , and Chas Gray performed both bass and synthesizers during this time .
The novel has also been dismissed by a number of literary critics as `` merely a sentimental novel , '' while critic George Whicher stated in his Literary History of the United States that `` Nothing attributable to Mrs. Stowe or her handiwork can account for the novel 's enormous vogue ; its author 's resources as a purveyor of Sunday-school fiction were not remarkable .
The sea has a subtropical climate and is frequently hit by tropical cyclones , especially between January and April .
It was either contemporary with , or built around four or five centuries after the earthworks .
However , Peña had severed all ties to his former company both prior to the contract and prior to becoming Transportation Secretary .
The World Tag Team Championship was the original professional wrestling world team played in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Insects are the only invertebrates to do .
All his age-mates were married having their own families but he was still unmarried .
In the afternoon on June 24 , the JMA upgraded Meari to a severe tropical storm as it passed Okinawa , Japan .
Freedom from Fear is the last of a series of four oil paintings called Four Freedoms .
Relative to the large and powerful hindlimbs , its three-fingered forelimbs were small , and the body was balanced by a long and heavily muscled tail .
The white cross , which dominates its surroundings , is 35 metres ( 115 ft ) high and was built with steel girders .
It was made up of concrete and stone .
Tim Hortons Inc. ( known as Tim Horton 's Cafe and Bake Shop ) is a Canadian multinational fast casual restaurant known for its coffee and doughnuts .
All versions have been developed on the Unreal Engine .
Another controversy involved the 2000 Archibald winner , when artist Adam Cullen lodged a complaint with the American Broadcasting Company who had used his painting , Portrait of David Wenham , in a television commercial .
Plaques are also given as awards instead of trophies .
Overseas Security Advisory Council in a report mentioned the process about how to avoid taxi-scam .
It is the result of a still ongoing merger between two galaxy clusters .
He had to pay a fine of 20 shillings up front to avoid going to jail .
So Dave actually said , `` He said , ` Good morning ' '' ?
Over the two columns is a semicircular arch in the colors of the flag of Andalusia , with the Latin words Dominator Hercules Fundator superimposed .
The 2100 UTC September 13 was extended for the Grenadines through St. Martin .
Hirohito-shinnō was named Crown Prince and heir to his first cousin , the Daikakuji-tō Emperor Go-Uda .
It says that the Moon was depleted of metallic material , explaining abnormal composition .
The Inca architecture , however , withstood the earthquake .
Ilulissat is the largest town in the Qaasuitsup municipality .
The new stadium was rededicated during the 2003 home season opener versus the Auburn Tigers on September 2 , 2003 .
It was officially opened on 18 March 1965 by H. R. H. Prince Henry , The Duke of Gloucester .
It is home to Johns Hopkins Hospital and Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine on Broadway .
The band decided to try one of these steroids called Compound E .
Karolinska Institutet was founded in the period between 1810 and 1811 .
Born in Lichfield , Staffordshire , Johnson attended Pembroke College , Oxford for just over a year , before his lack of funds forced him to leave .
Using thermal energy storage systems , solar thermal operating periods can even be extended to meet base-load needs .
The state capital is Mérida .
Lott graduated from the University of Southern California in 1981 .
The Soviets would offer an unchanging diet of coffee , bread , soup , and potatoes .
His newly formed 4e Division cuirassée reached Montcornet .
On 3 July 2007 , Gazzetta dello Sport reported that Ferrari had completed its internal investigation and had dismissed Stepney as a result .
A uranium gun-type atomic bomb ( Little Boy ) was dropped on Hiroshima on August 6 , 1945 .
Within the shield are the tools of a woodcutter in the upper sections and a ship in the lower one .
There are acute symptoms in 15 % of cases .
Winter conditions range from generally mild to the occasional bitterly cold , with highs averaging in the mid to upper 40s ° F ( 7-9 ° C ) .
Clanton is at 32 ° 50 ' 23.316 '' North , 86 ° 37 ' 41.477 '' West ( 32.839810 , -86.628188 ) .
Of Mice and Men was also adapted as a 1939 Hollywood movie , with Lon Chaney , Jr. as Lennie ( he had filled the role in the Los Angeles stage production ) and Burgess Meredith as George .
Konrad Zuse is often regarded as the inventor of the computer .
Although the theme is ageing , it was one of the first songs McCartney wrote , when he was only 16 .
Designed by architect Richard Meier , the campus also houses the Getty Research Institute ( GRI ) , the Getty Conservation Institute , the Getty Foundation , and the J. Paul Getty Trust .
The parish authorities were known as vestries and consisted of all the adult inhabitants of the parish .
The Shaggs were formed by Dot , Betty and Helen in 1968 .
The town won the State Tidy Towns in 1992 , 1993 and 1995 , and the Australian Community of the Year award in 1997 .
Initially , women protested because his designs covered up their legs , which they had been unused to because of the previous limitations on fabric .
In plants , polyploidy must be included in any view of speciation .
In the 1960s , the Lane was widened to three lanes each way either side of a central reservation .
Bruce Frederick Joseph Springsteen ( born September 23 , 1949 ) is an American musician and singer-songwriter .
There were a different co-host every week on the show during its entire run , including The 5th Dimension , Frankie Avalon , Kaye Ballard , James Brenner , Joe E. Brown , and Cesar Romero .
On the last SmackDown !
Although the approval of both Houses is necessary for legislation , the Senate very rarely rejects bills passed by Commons ( though the Senate does occasionally amend bills ) .
The Berlin Zoo declined to comment on the matter , only noting that Giovanna 's stay in Berlin was still temporary .
Survivor : Panama - Exile Island , also known as Survivor : Exile Island , Survivor : Panama , is the third season of the American reality show Survivor .
New Bern is the county seat of Craven County .
`` Objects and light are studied intensely , and are painted with a wondrous tenderness '' .
Fossils of entoprocts are very rare , and the earliest specimens that have been identified with confidence date from the Upper Jurassic .
The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao was published in September 2007 .
Tyson also fixes Percy 's shield , which is broken by the manticore , Dr. Thorn in the third book .
He was a hat-maker from Leiden , as was Priest , and had been in communion with the Pilgrims before their emigration .
The First Baptist Church of Hammond is a fundamental Independent Baptist church in Hammond , Indiana .
The work had sparked their interest in the subject .
The company later abandoned this approach in favor of attempting to make Linux applications easy to download , install and use .
She undertook a variety of public engagements and became known as the `` Smiling Duchess '' because of her consistent public expression .
Yangon was started as Dagon in the early 11th century ( circa 1028-1043 ) by the Mon , who dominated Lower Burma at that time .
Because of this , all three came together for a last meeting .
It was first published in 2000 .
Van der Pol also has a career as a singer and has recorded several songs for The Walt Disney Company .
It later began to establish herself as a comedy star , with the award-winning television series Victoria Wood As Seen On TV and became one of Britain 's most popular stand-up comics .
Conversely , if the animal is further than estimated the bullet will hit lower than expected .
They orbit one another every 26.5 years .
Hercules stands up to Hippolyta , who says she 's not afraid of Hercules .
They rolled a large rock over the entrance of the tomb ( Matthew 27:60 ) .
Handrails may be continuous ( sometimes called over-the-post ) or post-to-post ( or more accurately `` newel-to-newel '' ) .
After 20 years with the same line-up , difficult times followed in the 1970s : Dubinsky defected to the West , and the second violinist , Yaroslav Alexandrov , retired due to ill health .
She set a new world record for the free skate under the ISU Judging System .
<unk> Ottmani is 's literary work on his hometown , Essaouira .
After eluding the hunters for some time , the fox appeared to Miura-no-suke in a dream .
Their movie , Ivan The Terrible , Part I , presenting Ivan IV of Russia as a national hero , won Joseph Stalin 's approval ( and a Stalin Prize ) .
Paleontologists suggest that it is representative of the transition between non-tetrapod vertebrates ( fish ) such as Panderichthys , known from fossils 380 million years old .
After the return of most of the islanders in 1963 , the settlement was rebuilt .
They reached the main road near Seven Mile Ford .
The Bach-Werke-Verzeichnis ( Bach Works Catalogue ) is the numbering system identifying compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach .
In March 2003 , Russian President Vladimir Putin started the Russian State Committee for Control over the Illegal Trafficking of Narcotics and Psychotropic Substances for combating drug trafficking with more coordinated manner .
<unk> and a hand and leaves it on Marguerite 's doorstep , next to Siébel 's flowers .
The megophryids are notable for their camouflage , especially those that live in forests , which often look like dead leaves .
In 1969 Guinn sold Galaxy to Universal Publishing Corporation ( UPD ) .
It was the first to be designated of the three National Parks in Wales , in 1951 .
She was one of the Hollywood 's original blonde bombshells .
The city is known as the Dairy Capital of Canada .
About 500 operational satellites are in low-Earth orbit , 50 are in medium-Earth orbit ( at 20,000 km ) , the rest are in geostationary orbit ( at 36,000 km ) .
He based his authority on being a bishop of the Church , living his life in the imitation of Christ .
Takariya married Freddy West Tjakamarra , however they later married Richard Tjakamarra .
The tipping point between dominance by species of Asian against Australian origin .
The most common regulations related to IM at work involve the need to produce archived business communications to satisfy government or judicial requests under law .
It is more expensive than Armani Jeans and Armani Exchange , but less expensive than the high-end , ready-to-wear line Giorgio Armani and the haute couture .
Rhodesian Man is dated to be between 125,000 and 300,000 years old .
Urmia was 102 islands .
The two friends , who were both by now experienced amateur entomologists , met in London to prepare themselves .
Nasikabatrachus sahyadrensis is a frog species belonging to the family Sooglossidae .
The song is a cover of the song Crank That by Soulja Boy .
All ties with the homeland were severed at Dejima , and for a while , it was the only place in the world where the Dutch flag was flown .
Curtis was born Bernard Schwartz in Manhattan , New York .
They will leave you nothing , either in this world or the next '' .
Central banks also oversee the commercial banking system of their respective countries .
The Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George is an order of chivalry founded on 28 April 1818 by George , Prince Regent , later King George IV .
In 1970 , the rate of suicide in Greenland was historically low , but by 1990-1994 , it had become one of the highest in the world with 107 per 100,000 persons committing suicide per year .
This ushered in the final phase of the war , generally referred to either as the Decelean War , or the Ionian War .
Right after this , Robby shows up at her hotel to provide emotional support , but eventually discovers that Helen has already guessed his real identity .
Canada Top data : for singles and albums from The Record magazine .
Flaviviruses share several common aspects ( 40-65 nm ) , symmetry acid , symmetry RNA of approximately 10,000-11 ,000 bases , and appearance in the electron microscope .
Haines convinced Shields to move to Los Angeles , promising to get him work as an extra .
Standish gave up a lot .
Scientists later looked back to the hours before the eruption and noticed that several long-period earthquakes , which start out strong and then slowly die out , had occurred in the final hours before the eruption .
It was written by Usher , Lil Jon , Sean Garrett , Patrick J. Que Smith , Ludacris , Robert McDowell and LRoc .
The Limnoriidae are now known to include seaweed and seagrass borers .
It is the third video game of Donkey Kong .
Specimens exceeding 150 cm ( 4.9 ft ) are not uncommon , while the maximum size reported is 204.5 cm ( 6.71 ft ) ( Klauber ft ) .
In materials science , wear is erosion or sideways displacement of material from its `` derivative '' and original position on a solid surface performed by the action of another surface .
The North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity ( NASPSPA ) grew from being an interest group to a full-fledged organization , whose mission included promoting the research and teaching of motor behavior and the psychology of sport and exercise .
A survey of 10 pigs housed near poultry farms in West Java , where avian flu had broken out , five of the pig samples contained the H5N1 virus contained the H5N1 virus .
Several books and articles about the Rhind Mathematical Papyrus have been published , and a certain handful of these stand out .
They ran within the German army using radio messages enciphered .
Manila was declared an open city to prevent its destruction , and it was occupied by the Japanese on January 2 , 1942 .
The PAGASA started monitoring the system as a tropical depression and named it Mina .
As of 18 October 2007 , the Court had field offices in Kampala , Kinshasa , Bunia , Abéché and Bangui .
In April it seemed as if Gloucester would take up the cause of the reform movement .
This group has alternately been considered as either a full or subfamily by different authorities .
`` Our whole album is dedicated to getting Bush out of office .
She began to sing the leading parts in 1942 by singing the part of Agathe in Weber 's Der Freischütz .
Jackson claimed that there are two kinds of dualism .
In an overview of writings by and about Tsunoda , OCLC\/WorldCat lists roughly 50 works in 100 +2 publications in 4 languages and 2,000 + library holdings .
<unk> often report that they were unaware their experiences were unusual .
These movies did not do well at the box office and were poorly received by critics .
The stadium hosted 4 group matches and 2 quarter during the 2011 Cricket World Cup .
The ad featured using Dunham holding a young Obama in her arms as Obama talks about her last days worrying about expensive medical bills .
Phosgene is a chemical compound .
At the 2009 Skate America , Kim placed first again after the short program with the score of 76.28 , which was 17.48 points ahead of her closest competitor Rachael Flatt .
He died during a plague outbreak in 1556 , in Karbalā ' , either of the plague itself or of cholera .
In July 2003 , the title was reactivated as the WWE United States Championship by SmackDown General Manager , Stephanie McMahon , and was commissioned to be a secondary championship to the SmackDown brand .
These islands were occupied by the Italian army , along with an area of Croatia which was away from the coast of Sinj towards the center of Bosnia , near Sarajevo and Banja Luka .
As a result of his design , Sokka 's character is a source of comic relief throughout the series .
It has a spectacular dark band of absorbing dust in front of the galaxy 's bright nucleus , giving rise to its nicknames of the `` Black Eye '' or `` Evil Eye '' galaxy .
It was part of the Virgin Group .
George Herbert Walker Bush ( born June 12 , 1924 ) is an American politician .
This situation changed in 1942 , and German immigrants and their descendants were required to learn the Portuguese language and to follow a Brazilian way of life .
The white-headed capuchin ( Cebus capucinus ) , also known as the white-faced capuchin or white-throated capuchin , is a medium-sized New World monkey of the family Cebidae , subfamily Cebinae .
`` Que Digan Lo Que Quieran '' is Turmalina 's first single .
One of the most important surviving myths of the pagan Anglo-Saxons are that of the brothers Hengest and Horsa .
Chessmaster is a computer game series .
A major issue with traveling at extremely high speeds is that interstellar dust and gas may cause considerable damage to the craft .
It was sometimes called Hishū ( 肥州 ? )
Coined by British psychologist C. Lloyd Morgan , Morgan 's Canon ( more usually called Lloyd Morgan 's Canon , or occasionally Morgan 's Canon of Interpretation ) remains a fundamental precept of comparative ( animal ) psychology .
Representatives of the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association vote for the All-Star team at the end of the regular season .
The fire was used as evidence by the Nazis that the Communists were plotting against the German government .
The swimming style is slow , with widely spread pectoral fins .
<unk> is a spice derived from the flower of Crocus sativus from the flower of Crocus sativus .
In 1996 he officially retired from teaching at Harvard and continues to hold the positions of Professor Emeritus and Honorary Curator in Entomology .
He taught history at Yale for 35 years .
Negotiations with four major construction consortia started in 1973 .
However , a copy of the program booklet has also survived , containing both extracts from contemporary newspaper reports of the capture of the gang , and a <unk> of the movie , in six ` scenes ' .
It is migratory , ranging from southern Canada to northern Florida during the breeding season and from southern Florida to northern South America during the winter .
There are 9,994 species on the checklist , which is begun below and continues in several parts .
From 1985 to 1989 , Koenig played a recurring role as Richard `` Boner '' Stabone , best friend to Kirk Cameron 's character Mike Seaver in the first four seasons of the ABC sitcom Growing Pains .
Colonising Ulster with loyal settlers was seen as a way to prevent further rebellion , as it had been the region most resistant to English control during the years .
Constant Permeke died 4 January 1952 .
The flavor of the finished product can be <unk> .
Lee studied in the Provincial Tainan First Senior High School ( now National Tainan First Senior High School ) .
She was also the principal for the Dramatens elevskola for two periods ; in 1831-1834 and 1841-1856 .
The Japanese imperial year ( 皇紀 , kōki ? )
In 2004 , he played King Priam for the orchestra Troy .
For example , `` UQJHSE '' could be the code for `` Proceed to the following coordinates '' .
On August 24 , 1994 , Austin lost the title to Ricky Steamboat on August 24 .
Arnold also faced financial ruin , falling # 16,000 in debt , with creditors spreading rumors of his insolvency to the point where he took legal action against them .
During these years , Young was also given with what he later called `` enquiries concerning the activities of subversive persons and propaganda , and also with other matters affecting state security '' .
His record was seven wins in nine matches , including triumphs Billiard Congress of America ( BCA ) Hall-of-Famers , Irving Crane and Arthur `` Babe '' Cranfield .
The most successful competitor was German wrestler and gymnast Carl Schuhmann .
Aside from cider making it was also known as an exceptionally good pie apple and due to its inherent hardness would maintain more crispness through the baking process than other apples would .
It features Pooh 's friend Tigger in his search for his family tree and other Tiggers like himself .
Twix was called Raider in Austria , Belgium , Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , Greece , Italy , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Portugal and Turkey .
A circuit breaker is an automatically operated electrical switch designed to protect an electrical circuit from damage caused by overload or short circuit .
The Lancaster Barnstormers is an American professional baseball team .
The Division of Cowper is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales .
It is known as fipple flutes .
Barenboim is also known for his work with the West-Eastern Divan Orchestra , a Seville-based orchestra of young Arab and Israeli musicians .
He is the second-longest serving Australian Prime Minister , after Sir Robert Menzies .
The Company was founded by songwriter Johnny Mercer in 1942 .
Vergeer had one final operation in March but was left paralyzed .
There are also known as kinetic energy recovery systems .
In 1530 he began his studies in medicine , cosmography and geography at the University of Leuven , where he graduated in 1535 .
Bop It !
Some species have simple ocelli on the head , and all species have tiny bristles on the body to provide a sense of touch .
In its original form , Arrhenius ' greenhouse law has : if the quantity of carbonic acid increases in geometric progression , the augmentation of the temperature will increase nearly in arithmetic progression .
Parity adds a single bit that indicates whether the number of 1 bits in the data was even or odd .
Alban was a pagan living in the Roman city of Verulamium , now Verulamium Park , in St Albans , in Hertfordshire , England , about 22 miles ( 35 km ) north of London along Watling Street .
The key signature is F major , the time signature is <unk> time .
He became a child actor and , at age 12 , starred as Harrison Ford 's sidekick Short Round in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom .
Bush was born in New Haven , Connecticut .
The conservation status of this bird is Least Concern .
The individual parts of an aggregate fruit come in many forms .
He published Chile Ilustrado in 1872 , the first illustrated album of Chile , with a descriptive guide , historic , politic , industrial , social and statistical review of the country and a rich graphic backup , with more than 200 wood engravings and 10 litographs .
Based in rural southern New South Wales , it included the towns of Narrandera , Wagga Wagga and West Wyalong .
The Division of Biology which he established at the California Institute of Technology has produced seven Nobel Prize winners .
Finlay was a member of Havana 's Royal Academy of Medical , Physical and Natural Sciences .
They also hold the annual Miss Possum Queen , have many snacks and beverages , and Bluegrass Music .
Puce was also a popular fashion color in 19th century Paris .
One of his paternal ancestors arrived in the American Colonies in 1635 .
Harry Frederick Harlow ( October 31 , 1905 - December 6 , 1981 ) was an American psychologist best known for his maternal-separation dependency .
It is 820 millimetres ( 32.67 in ) long , with a weight of 3.86 kilograms ( 8.5 lb ) .
A smaller group of 555 stones , further to the east of the other two sites .
Sahelanthropus may represent a common ancestor of humans and chimpanzees .
Scott also called UCLA , Arizona , Minnesota , and Nebraska football in the '80s , broadcast college basketball and golf at various points in his career , and teamed with Patrick Ryan ( disambiguation needed ) while doing high school and college football in and around Billings , Montana .
It was abolished in 1906 .
Pascal even invented the line for Pygmalion ( later utilised by Lerner and Loewe in the musical version , My Fair Lady ) `` The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain '' and Shaw , by now publicly referring to Pascal as a genius , wrote the line into the script .
The episode also featured talent from the SmackDown !
The Academy 's awards are in the form of a theatrical mask designed by Mitzi Cunliffe .
In 1996 , a judicial investigation was opened against him at the Tribunal de grande instance of Chaumont .
It includes large , permanent water bodies , such as swamps , ponds , and lakes , where it is usually found along the water 's edge .
The next steps are beatification , from which point the person is referred to as The Blessed , and finally canonization , from which point he is referred to as Saint .
In this sense , anyone who is within the Body of Christ ( i.e. a professing Christian ) is a ` saint ' because of their relationship with Christ Jesus .
In that same year he voiced Hal Jordan in the direct to video DC Comics animated feature Justice League : The New Frontier .
Richard John `` Rick '' Santorum ( born May 10 , 1958 ) is an American Republican Party politician .
They discover the inhabited village of Mahri Nui , which broke off from Voya Nui and sank a thousand years ago .
The French withdrawal left a power vacuum in Egypt .
They were known as `` sea dogs '' and the oceanic whitetip shark .
<unk> Greyfriars the grave in 1872 .
Fustat was the capital of Egypt for approximately 500 years .
But perhaps more startling , and disturbing , was the tendency for aggression and violence within chimpanzee troops .
Eve 's third album , Eve-Olution , was released in summer 2002 .
After a make-out party with a few local gangsters , Paula and her family agree to wreck a few classrooms - and destroy the American flag - in a public school at the behest of a female crime boss .
The 19th paintings displayed here include works of art representing realism and academism , Młoda Polska ( Young Poland ) paintings , works of artists connected with Bielsko-Biała during the twenty years of independence after World War I and during the modern times .
He also entered some races of Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 with the Manor team .
59 people were killed in Sinaloa .
VT-6 lost 10 of their 14 Devastators , and 10 of Yorktown 's VT-3 's 12 Devastators were shot down with no hits to show for their effort .
Woodrow Wilson `` Woody '' Guthrie ( July 14 , 1912 - October 3 , 1967 ) was an American singer-songwriter .
A fell ( from Old Norse fell , fjall , `` mountain '' ) is a high and barren landscape feature , such as a mountain range or moor-covered hills .
There are currently 100 senators ( two from each of the 50 states ) , who each serve six-year terms .
The Northern Shoveler ( Anas clypeata ) is a common duck .
Shohreh Solati ( Persian : شهره صولتی ) ( born Fatemeh Solati in Tehran , Iran ) is a well-known Iranian singer .
It was one of the most successful shows in the history of American television .
At Tobolsk , she wrote a melancholy theme for her English tutor , filled with spelling mistakes , a poem by Robert Browning about a young girl : `` When she died she was only sixteen years old '' .
All molecules or ions with a free pair of electrons or at least one pi bond can act as nucleophiles .
The Lizard village , the most southerly village on the British mainland , is in Landewednack , the most southerly civil parish .
The path to the right shows the more stable thermodynamic product , while the path to the left shows the kinetic product .
The island of Mauritius was the only home of the Dodo bird .
Roosevelt said that he had `` always believed that wise progressivism and wise conservatism go hand in hand '' .
The federal head of state is elected ( de facto rotated ) among the nine rulers to serve a 5-year term .
In his opera Teodora ( 1697 ) he originated the use of the orchestral ritornello .
However , while working as a `` studio boy '' in commercial design firm Askew-Young in London 1932-36 , he was attending night classes in life drawing .
Songs from the Sparkle Lounge was released on 28 April 2008 and on 30 April 2008 in Japan .
After his graduation Koechlin became a composer and teacher .
All of them have been widely regarded by the international community as peaceful and transparent .
Arthur of the Britons was broadcast repeatedly on numerous local ITV stations during the 1970s and 1980s .
Previously reserved for religious use , in Hellenistic Greece the terra cotta figurine was more frequently used for funerary , and even decorative , purposes .
The Cathedral Prep Ramblers defeated the Central Tech Falcons in its first game .
He obtained his deacon 's orders in 1746 , being fully ordained in 1749 and held several curacies in Hampshire and Wiltshire , including Selborne 's neighbouring parishes of Newton Valence and Farringdon .
The 1990s growth in South Korean migration to Canada occurred at a time when Canadian unemployment was high and income growth was low relative to the United States .
The Ottonian dynasty was a dynasty of German Kings ( 919-1024 ) .
Marge 's age changes to serve the story .
Clokey 's career began in 1955 with a movie experiment called Gumbasia , which was influenced by his professor , Slavko Vorkapich , at the University of Southern California .
However , basketball became a demonstration sport at the 1904 Games in St. Louis .
The rows of the table are called periods ; the columns are called groups , with some of these having names such as halogens or noble gases .
It was abolished in 1969 .
Bleeding Gums has to leave at the end of the scene because he has a date with the jazz singer Billie Holiday .
Neige Noir ( `` Black Snow '' ) is a novel by Hubert Aquin about a newly married Montreal couple who travel to Svalbard .
The barn owls are a family of ranging from Saharan Africa and Saharan Africa .
The articles listed below are attributed by the Boston News-Letter to Captain Edward Low .
The United States Census of 1880 was the tenth United States Census conducted by the Census of the United States .
This room is filled with mirrors , with some reflecting Taylor as he passes .
The first match of the evening saw Jack Swagger defend the ECW Championship against Matt Hardy .
The number of globular clusters discovered continued to increase , reaching 83 in 1915 , 93 in 1930 and 97 by 1947 .
Once you have done so , please notify us at m : Election notice translations 2005 .
Perry was born in Williamstown , Massachusetts .
In 888 the west Frankish king Charles the Fat was deposed and there were several candidates for his replacement .
His father , Robert Downey , Sr. , is an actor , writer , producer , cinematographer , and director of underground films , and his mother , Elsie ( née Ford ) , is also an actress and appeared in Downey , Sr. 's films .
There are four schools in Rockford : Central High School ( grades 9 through 12 ) , Central Elementary School ( grades 5 through 8 ) , Central Elementary School ( grades 5 through 8 ) , and Coosa County Science .
Sleepwalkers often have little or no memory of the incident , as their consciousness has altered into a state in which it is harder to recall memories .
It caused roof damage along its 2 mi ( 3.2 km ) path .
A more figurative style is apparent in his later work .
Hilo is the county seat of the County of Hawaiʻi .
Brian Joubert ( born 20 September 1984 ) is a French figure skater .
As with Kid A ( 2000 ) , no singles were released from the album , though a music video was released for the track `` Lotus Flower '' .
In 1961 Louis got a salary as well as a grant from the National Geographic Society and turned over the acting directorship of Coryndon to a subordinate .
The Labradoodle became known in 1988 , when Australian breeder Wally Conron crossed the Labrador Retriever and Standard Poodle at the Royal Guide Dogs .
In 1954 , he recorded the official National anthem of Pakistan with several other singers .
Athletes participated from Greece and the Ottoman Empire .
One of the most popular is `` Dinosaur Hall '' , with over 40 mounted dinosaur skeletons , including specimens of Tyrannosaurus rex , Triceratops , Stegosaurus , and Triceratops .
Their daughter , Christine La Rae was born in December 1957 .
Roger Baldwin Eastman , the ACLU has over 500,000 members and has an annual budget over $ 100 million .
This <unk> can follow through with physical therapy sessions to help improve endurance .
Most evidence suggests a history of settlement in the area since 2000 BC .
During this second venture , Scott led a party of five which reached the South Pole on 17 January 1912 , only to find that they had been preceded by Roald Amundsen 's Norwegian expedition .
The Toa Mata had been dropped into energized protodermis , which transforms them new armor , weapons , and a new name .
But in the woods , they quickly learn that it is every animal for itself .
Most rocket engines are internal combustion engines , although non-combusting forms also exist .
In fives , a ball is propelled against the walls of a special court using a gloved or bare hand as though it were a racquet .
The legal status of prostitution varies from country to country , and varies by death .
In 1907 , he moved to the warmer climate of `` Les Collettes , '' a farm at Cagnes-sur-Mer , close to the Mediterranean coast .
It is one of the best-understood theropods from the Southern Hemisphere .
Apple introduced the first iPod Classic on October 23 2001 with the slogan `` 1,000 songs in your pocket '' .
It was launched on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System to critical and commercial success .
President Corazon Aquino declared a state of calamity in the Visayas .
It flows west to east and crosses the Paktia Province Afghan-Pakistan border at Coordinates : 33 ° 49 ′ N 69 ° 58 ′ E \/ 33.817 ° N 69.967 ° E \/ 33.817 ; 69.967 about 80 km southwest of Jalalabad , and joins the Indus near Catalunya Khel after a course of more than 320 km ( 200 mi ) .
The main axes of the museum grid that is offset by 22.5 degrees begins with the edge of the stairs up to the main entrance , aligns with travertine benches in the courtyard and south pavilions , a staircase down to the catus garden and ends in the garden .
Pictures and will be distributed by Warner Bros. .
Water heating is a thermodynamic process which uses an energy source to heat water above its initial temperature .
With Babes in Toyland playing only sporadically in the late 1990s , Bjelland made the band Katastrophy Wife in 2000 .
But it is not known whether DARPA will maintain this status indefinitely .
Owen famously credited himself and Georges Cuvier with the discovery of the Iguanodon , completely excluding any credit for the original discoverer of the dinosaur , Gideon Mantell .
Culp earned an international reputation for his role as Kelly Robinson on I Spy ( 1965-1968 ) , the espionage series in which he and co-star Bill Cosby played a pair of secret agents .
The 2002 FIFA World Cup was the 17th staging of the FIFA World Cup .
He helped his team to NFL Championship wins in Super Bowl XVI and Super Bowl XIX .
Dressed as a peasant , in a muslin dress and straw hat with a light switch in her hand , accompanied by her ladies , she used buckets of Sèvres porcelain specially decorated with her arms by the Manufacture Royale .
Daniel Vladimir Lewicki ( born March 12 , 1931 in Fort William , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey left winger .
It was in the Hellenistic period that the Greeks , who until then only knew molded glass , discovered the technique of glass blowing .
Dariusz Michalczewski ( born 5 May 1968 in Gdańsk , Poland ) is a retired Polish-German professional boxer .
In 1975 the urban district of Neuss lost its independent status and was merged into the Grevenbroich district .
The song reached number 5 in the UK Top 40 Singles Chart on 13 May 2007 .
J. Lo is the second studio album by Jennifer Lopez .
I could n't wait to get home from school to play . ''
<unk> are sometimes planted as individual trees , providing a minor income to their owners .
Fenkel returned to the company on May 4 , 2012 .
The boxset was released on July 20 , 2009 .
The three conditions : Uniqueness : requires that the sequence does not have any other configuration with a comparable free energy .
Wright was a leader of the Prairie School movement of architecture .
The soft-feathered , brown , flightless birds reach up to 2 metres ( 6.6 ft ) in height .
In 1590 , Tokugawa Ieyasu made Edo his base and when he became shogun in 1603 , the town became the center of his nationwide military government .
It flows into the south-west , near Dalhousie , and then cuts a gorge in the Dhauladhar Range , before entering the Punjab plain near Madhopur and Pathankot .
However , Nagumo 's opportunity to hit the American ships was now limited by the imminent return of his Midway strike force .
In 2001 Pope John Paul II visited the mosque , primarily to visit the relics of John the Baptist .
The smaller droplets make clouds more reflective , so that more incoming sunlight is reflected back into space and less reaches the Earth 's surface .
Things started to change , however , when the railway arrived in 1850 ( although the nearby station in Knebworth was not opened until 1884 after intervention from Viscount Knebworth ) .
She is generous and warmly forgiving , as seen when she sincerely forgives , but has great self-control over her emotions - for example , she keeps her face straight and does not blush later when people talk about Clarence Hervey , and is not shaken by Mrs. Freke 's vow to be her `` sworn enemy . ''
Evidence for them was found in Devil 's Dyke , at the eastern side of Wheathampstead .
On June 27 , the JTWC downgraded Meari to a tropical depression before it made landfall in North Korea , and the JMA reported that Meari became a low pressure area later .
For the mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission : For the mixed Italian-Slovenian Historical Commission :
His nickname was `` king of hoteliers , and hotelier to kings , '' and it is from his name and that of his hotels that the term ritzy derives .
Shear increased , and the storm weakened to a depression on June 10 .
The murder spree had lasted almost ten months .
The assembly must also accept or amend the Mayor 's budget on an annual basis .
Dinoflagellates sometimes bloom in more than a million cells per millilitre .
Her parents divorced when she was sent to Australia to live with her aunt at the age of fourteen .
He then returned to Union for one year before going to Princeton to become a Professor of Religion and Director of the Program in African-American Studies from 1988 to 1994 .
Its explosive content is 403 pounds ( 183 kg ) of Minol 2 or Tritonal .
Upon reaching puberty , herring returns to the Norwegian Sea .
Philip Showalter Hench ( February 28 , 1896 - March 30 , 1965 ) was an American writer .
Bidgee Bidgee , who led the Kissing Point clan for twenty years after Bennelong 's death , also asked to be buried with Bennelong , but there is no record of his death or where he is buried .
The team played in the Interprovincial Rugby Football Union , which later became the CFL 's east division .
Songs in A Minor debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart , selling over 236,000 copies in its first week .
Upon his ascension , he took the prenomen `` mn-m3 ' '' , usually vocalized as Menmaatre , in Egyptian , which means `` Eternal is the Justice of Re . ''
Lieutenant Claude George Grenfell ( Thorneycroft 's Mounted Infantry ) was killed at Spion Kop during the Boer War and two other cousins Julian Grenfell , the poet , and his brother , Gerald William Grenfell , were killed in the First World War .
DNA polymerases are a family of enzymes that carry out all forms of DNA replication .
A large number of African Americans in the early 20th century owed much to developments in the industrial sector .
Veja Magazine published a 9 page article on the movie calling it `` a meticulously crafted report made over two years with 168 interviews from personalities , some of them of the same caliber as mentioned above , and others less known , but no less credible . ''
The captives were freed by Allied forces on February 23 , 1945 .
The white-headed capuchin has mostly black fur , with white to yellow like fur on the neck , throat , chest , shoulders , and upper arms .
He sang more than 100 books and 50 papers , including four epic poems ( two each in Sanskrit and Hindi ) , a Hindi commentary on Tulsidas ' Ramcharitmanas , and Sanskrit commentaries on the Ashtadhyayi and the Prasthanatrayi scriptures .
In 2010 she was picked up to star in the fantasy series Grazilda for GMA Network .
The major producer of natural gas , oil , and agricultural products , Oklahoma relies on an economic base of aviation , energy , telecommunications , and biotechnology .
The Science Museum is made up of a number of galleries .
He is angered at being asked to pay in advance , kills Alwa in a struggle , and leaves .
It became a major community between 1799 and 1810 as the federal government became a major employer .
On D-Day .
The electronic song was very different from previous singles .
At the age of five , Eric was sent as a day-boy to a convent school in Henley-on-Thames , which Marjorie also attended .
Traditionally , only men play the didgeridoo and sing during ceremonial occasions , although both men and women may dance .
Published in 1995 , it is composed mainly of live photos taken by Peterson from the mid-1980s though the mid-1990s .
Land gastropods with a shell that is not quite vestigial , but is too small to retract .
Negative one bears relation to Euler 's identity since In computer science , − 1 is a common initial value for integers and is also used to show that a variable contains no useful information .
Program code and data were stored on punched film .
Endosperm is formed when the two sperm nuclei inside a pollen grain reach the interior of an embryo sac or female gametophyte .
The South Saxons were ruled by the kings of Sussex .
In 1734 the house was demolished when the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , Lionel Sackville , 1st Duke of Dorset directed that a powder magazine provided for Dublin .
Dr. d'Armond Speers is a member of the KLI and a member of the KLI .
He also studied telomeres , and his lab discovered an enzyme , TERT ( telomerase reverse transcriptase ) , which is part of the process of restoring telomeres after they are shortened during cell division .
At the age of three , after his father 's death , Saroyan , along with his brother and sister , was placed in an orphanage in Oakland , California .
On 4 June 2010 , he was designated by his party to succeed Christian Wulff as Prime Minister of Lower Saxony , if the latter were to be elected President of Germany on 30 June .
The subway 's newest line , Sheppard , opened in 2002 .
Melee , the text explaining Daisy 's trophy states that `` after her appearance in Mario Golf , gossips portrayed her as Luigi 's answer to Mario 's Peach '' .
At the end of World War II , growth in aviation and in the Washington metropolitan area led Congress to pass the Washington Airport Act of 1950 .
In July 1960 Carstens reached the position of secretary of state at the Foreign Office .
Rarely very low blood pressure may be the only sign of anaphylaxis .
A certain amount of molecular information can be deduced from the patterns that are generated by fibers and powders , which not as perfect as a solid crystal , may exhibit a degree of order .
A person who works in this field is called a prostitute , and is a kind of sex worker .
The album has sold over one million copies in the United States .
One , `` A Saucer of Loneliness '' , was dedicated to his memory .
Outside of wrestling , Helmsley has made numerous guest appearances in film and on television , like The Chaperone .
His particular interest was bird behavior , especially the courtship of water birds .
Iowa is bordered by the Mississippi River on the east ; the Missouri River and the Big Sioux River on the west ; the northern boundary is a line along 43 degrees , 30 minutes north latitude .
It was released on 14 August 1995 as the second single ( What 's the Story ) Morning Glory ?
Diamond meets Riley at Iron Island , and Byron asks Riley to help Diamond sharpen his Pokémon battle skills before Diamond goes to Lake Verity .
His education continued at Harrow and Magdalen College , Oxford , where he graduated with a degree in zoology in 1921 , after a pause to serve in the First World War in the Grenadier Guards and the Army Education Corps .
After returning to the UK in 1963 he set up an architectural practice as Team 4 with Rogers and the sisters Georgie and Wendy Cheesman .
Various ships were ordered to make the Channel Dash back to German ports .
As of the 2010 prizes , Hench and Kendall are the only two Nobel laureates affiliated with Mayo Clinic .
105 kilometres ( 65 mi ) , connecting both rivers , is a major waterway .
There are any odd perfect numbers , or if infinitely many perfect numbers exist .
It is active at night and feeds on polychaetes , crustaceans and bivalves .
In the 1981 season , Hicks led the NFL in interceptions ( 9 ) and return yards ( 239 ) , and went on to make a big impact in the Super Bowl against the Cincinnati Bengals .
His mother , Charlotte Rubens Bloomberg ( January 2 , 1909 - June 19 , 2011 ) , was a native of Jersey City , New Jersey .
The land bordering the Gulf is generally flat and low-lying .
Antemus is thought to derive directly from Potwarmus , which has a more primitive tooth pattern .
However , it was used at least as early as 1845 .
It contains a relic , the Moi-e-Muqqadas , believed by many Muslims of Kashmir to be a hair of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Little did he know that Thumb would be there as well .
with Regis and Kathie Lee , which she co-hosted with Regis Philbin .
However , two entrants , Sydney architects Emil Sodersten and John Crust , were encouraged to represent a joint design .
Ravenscroft commissioned the architect Thomas Edward Knightley to design the new hall .
The first question was worth $ 500 , the second $ 1,000 , and so on up to $ 2,500 for the fifth question .
It took Galloway 's blue colors of Scotland clashing O'Shaunnesy 's green colors of Ireland , mirroring the Old Firm football derby between Glasgow Rangers and Glasgow Celtic .
Linus Carl Pauling ( February 28 , 1901 - August 19 , 1994 ) was an American chemist , biochemist , and educator .
Billboard initially started tracking downloads in 2003 with the Hot Digital Tracks chart .
The next day , she won the free skate with 123.22 points .
The kangaroo mouse collects food and maintains large caches in their burrows , which are excavated to a length of between 3 and 8 feet ( 1 to 2.5 meters ) .
See Ulster Unionist Party leadership leadership , 2005 .
By combining many such measurements , a best fit value for the light time per unit distance is obtained .
Ali was forced to squeeze Egypt more and more in order to support his campaign and his people resented the increased burden .
It was split from San Cristóbal in 1992 .
Examples on Christmas decorations include Baby Jesus , Santa Claus , and the star of Bethlehem .
A silent stroke typically affects regions of the brain associated with various thought processes , mood regulation and cognitive functions .
Campos Racing currently runs a team in the European F3 Open Championship and used to run the GP2 Series team now known as Addax Team .
Ait Khamouch is a T46 athlete competing mainly in category T46 middle distance and marathon events .
In 1943 , he resumed his operatic career singing in Johann Strauss II 's Die Fledermaus in Geneva .
Cecilia , or Memoirs of an Heiress was published in July 1782 .
William James ( January 11 , 1842 - August 26 , 1910 ) was an American philosopher and psychologist .
An underground fighter during World War II , Hargitay fled to the United States .
The Earth is the stage on which the evolutionary play is performed .
The Canton of Schwyz is divided into 6 districts : The Canton of Fribourg is divided into five electoral districts , termed Amtei .
Ringed seals occur throughout the Arctic Ocean .
However , the industry declined because of transportation costs and competition from synthetic fibers .
Arthur Grumiaux ( 21 March 1921-16 October 1986 ) was a Belgian violinist .
This must be archived and retrievable .
After the banking crisis in 1931 the German Reich owned 66 % and Deutsche Golddiskontbank owned 22 % of Dresdner Bank shares .
The children of the Princess Royal do not hold any royal or noble title .
In 1922 , when Childers was sixteen , his father was executed by the new Irish Free State on politically inspired charges of gun-possession .
Geological research dated the first volcanic explosions described as Aboriginal myth .
It was revealed on NBC 's Who Do You Think You Are ?
The Bayreuth Festspielhaus Theatre is an opera house north of Bayreuth .
The upper part of the peplos was folded down to the waist to form an apoptygma .
There is a amino amino acids .
She highlights the use of a detail-rich language which is `` steeped in subtle and sensitive humor '' .
Whittaker has 300 plants from that trip in Kew Gardens and 2,200 pressed British plants in Derby Museum and Art Gallery .
Section 114 forbids was any State from raising a military force .
In the same year they held a joint concert with Kim Jo-Han .
She spent a year writing and recording her solo debut album , Fired Up , working with a wide range of producers including Richard X , Xenomania , Johnny Douglas , Brian Higgins , Estelle and Paul Epworth .
The Lesser is a much smaller bird , with slimmer build , yellow rather than pinkish legs and smaller white `` mirrors '' at the wing tips .
The company was a pioneer in the mass production of tires .
The first period contains fewer elements than any other row in the table .
Most software engineers can work in application design .
The relationship between Nazism and Protestantism , especially the German Lutheran Church was complex .
A natural experiment occurred in the 1980s when patent protection was extended to software .
Logan Airport stimulates the New England regional economy by approximately $ 7.6 billion per year , generating $ 559.4 million in state and local tax receipts , as of 2006 .
However , the program 's impact was limited as the channel does not broadcast outside the province .
Ortac is a small uninhabited islet about 5 km West of the coast of Alderney near Burhou .
It intersects with NY 9G via an interchange before crossing the stream and turning turning to the east into a relatively rural area .
Currently she is seen in ABS-CBN BC .
He has been credited with establishing the discipline of mathematical statistics , and contributed significantly to the field of biometrics , meteorology , and theories of Social Darwinism and eugenics .
<unk> compete for the chance to win a $ 500,000 grand prize by avoiding weekly eviction , and in second place is awarded $ 50,000 .
That 's the principle , '' Ballmer said .
d4 d5 2 .
Ray later made many attempts to withdraw his guilty plea and be tried by a jury , but was unsuccessful .
Upon this attack , all his men were killed , and his life was spared .
The Ems river runs through the district from east to west .
Burnt stones are also found in the Awash Valley , but volcanic welded tuff is also found in the area .
<unk> Williams ' 1957 paper Pleiotropy , Natural Selection , and the Evolution of Senescence is one of the most influential in 20th century evolutionary biology .
Accounts of his incarceration and execution mention his exceptional courage .
The reason for this lack of success was banned from MTV , because of nudity and a scene portraying the rape of a nun .
In the opening paragraphs of the papyrus , Ahmes presents the papyrus as giving `` Accurate reckoning for inquiring into things , and the knowledge of all things , mysteries ... all secrets '' .
He was the conductor of the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra in 1998 .
Zinc sheet is a metal metal .
The Palace of Charles V , built by Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor in 1527 , was inserted in the Alhambra within the Nasrid fortifications .
Ground defences were ineffective .
Still Life was the first album to bear any kind of caption on the front cover .
The Rook ( Corvus frugilegus ) is a member of the Corvidae family in the passerine order of birds .
He is a Nisei , which means that he is a second generation Japanese-American .
Handel was commissioned to write four anthems for the Coronation ceremony of King George II .
Such operations are known to have been carried out by the FBI , the Central Intelligence Agency , Mossad , MI6 and the intelligence services of other nations .
If a stream of water was running from the faucet , the stream would break up into drops during its fall .
County Antrim ( named after the town of Antrim ) is one of six counties .
While many media players can play both audio and video , others focus only on one media type or the other .
The lower parts of the Levite pews come from the 14th century .
Wallace studied the distribution of flora and fauna in the Amazon Basin and the Malay Archipelago in the mid-19th century .
At the 2008 Annie Awards , the director of the third part of Sozin 's Comet won an award for `` Best Directing in an Animated Television Production '' .
Any piece directly in front of a pawn , friend or foe , blocks its advance .
Pasteurization of milk was suggested by Franz von Soxhlet in 1886 .
Some of the criteria the AEC use when naming new Divisions are listed below : The maps below show the Division boundaries as they existed at the Australian federal election , 2010 .
The game began in Poland .
He received the society 's Darwin Medal in 1922 .
In the 20th century atmospheric science moved on studying the composition of air to a consideration of how the concentrations of trace gases in the atmosphere have changed over time and the chemical processes which create and destroy compounds in the air .
The northeast corner is Shelikhov Gulf .
On July 23 , 1966 , Smith was sent to the Republic of Vietnam and served as Platoon Sergeant of the 1st Platoon , Company C , 2d Battalion , 2d Battalion , 8th Infantry of the 4th Infantry Division .
Although Cruithne 's orbit is not thought to be stable over the long term , calculations by Wiegert and Innanen showed that it has probably been synchronized with Earth 's orbit for a long time .
GPL was the first copyleft license for general use .
They are solders 's metal , Lipowitz 's alloy , Wood 's metal , and Rose 's metal .
There are 47 single-member electoral districts in South Australia , for the South Australian House of Assembly .
A final stage Pokémon is holding a Mega Stone ( メガストーン , Mega Sutōn ? )
In 1967 he played real-life murderer Perry Smith in In Cold Blood ; Richard Brooks directed , adapting Truman Capote 's non-fiction book for the movie .
Jessica Simpson was born on July 10 , 1980 in Abilene , Texas .
Fond du Lac County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
A disadvantage with this method is that the page history of the original article must be retained in order to maintain attribution .
PAGASA named it as Chedeng .
It continued through Jamaica , moved northward , and eventually hit England later in the month .
Mugen pulled out of F1 at the end of the 2000 season .
The Mortier de 12 pouces Gribeauval was used during the wars following the French Revolution .
Individual fruits are round to slightly flattened .
Lake Champlain is between Vermont , New York and Quebec .
After the 1930 elections , Brüning continued to govern largely through Article 48 ; his government was kept afloat by the support of the Social Democrats who voted not to cancel his Article 48 bills in order not to have another election that could only benefit the Nazis and the Communists .
In 1974 , Barnes & Noble became the first bookstore .
She also played in the European Team Championships of 1997 when Georgia won the gold medal and in the 1st Europe v Asia Intercontinental rapidplay match which was held in Batumi ( Georgia ) in September 2001 .
The diseases they cause are called infectious diseases .
Malcolm Frederick `` Mal '' Evans ( 27 May 1935 - 5 January 1976 ) was best known as the manager of the Beatles .
The first was H J May , later Secretary of the International Co-operative Alliance , who was unsuccessful at the 1918 Prestwich by-election .
Alnico alloys have some of the highest Curie temperatures of any magnetic material .
The marquis had engraved on the five gates of the villa Palombara .
Later , it sought to reverse the Munich Agreement and the subsequent German occupation of Czechoslovakia , and to return the Republic to its 1937 boundaries .
In the 16th century , the Gagra and the rest of western Georgia was conquered by the Ottoman Empire .
Les deux journées ( 1800 ) , in which Cherubini simplified his style , was a popular success .
The Wall Street Journal critic Joe Morgenstern felt that despite the occasional misuse of enchantment - `` brief spasms of overproduced fantasy '' - the novel 's screen adaption was told with `` agreeable simplicity in between computer-generated monsters '' .
The fragile peace he helped maintain between the various Italian states collapsed with his death .
While each of these groups of myriapods is believed to be monophyletic , relationships among them are less certain .
Collimated light is light , and therefore will spread minimally as it propagates .
This concluded that the Allies were reinforcing Australia and perhaps Port Moresby in New Guinea .
The traditional owners of the Alice Springs area are the Central Arrernte people .
Para-alpine skiing types are downhill , Super-G , Giant Slalom , Slalom , Super Combined and Snowboard .
In 1527 it fell into the hands of the Révay family , who suppressed the town privileges of Mošovce for almost 400 years .
Altogether , they won eleven Top 10 albums , fifteen Top 10 singles and have reached No. 1 on the UK charts three times-with their 1998 This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours album .
It lies on the north by São Paulo state .
The chief town and capital of all three duchies was Eisenach .
Since the early 1980s Garífuna culture has undergone a revival , as part of which the town was renamed Dangriga , a Garífuna word meaning `` standing waters '' .
It is omnivorous and has the habit of using a favorite stone as an `` anvil '' on which to break open the shells of snails .
Williams signed Rubens Barrichello and Nico Hülkenberg for 2010 .
The unusual orbit suggests that it may be either a captured asteroid or Kuiper belt object , or that it was an inner moon in the past and was perturbed during the capture of Neptune 's largest moon Triton .
Surrounding the Galactic disk is a spherical Galactic Halo of stars , globular clusters that extends further outward .
She buys a quiet house in her neighborhood and lives there .
The Northern Limit Line , or NLL , is the de facto maritime boundary between North and South Korea in the Yellow Sea .
First Novel Prize , the National Book Critics Circle Award for Best Novel of 2007 the Anisfield-Wolf Book Awards , the 2008 Dayton Literary Peace Prize for Fiction , the 2008 Hurston-Wright Legacy Award , and the Massachusetts Book Awards Fiction Award in 2007 .
Danish athletes have won a total of 179 medals , with sailing as the top medal-producing sport .
Two monarchs went from ʻIolani Palace : King Kalākaua and Queen Liliʻuokalani .
In 1928 , the wooden grandstand at Ochilview Park burnt down in a fire .
He set a record for shutouts in a postseason year .
This theory was developed in the 19th century .
The first movie in the series had an animated opening sequence , created by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises .
Throughout his life , Wesley remained within the established Anglican church , insisting that the Methodist movement lay well within its tradition .
The upper row depicts stories from the New Testament which match the depictions of the Old Testament in the middle row .
On December 29 , 1911 the 8th Jeptsundamba Khutughtu was declared ruler of an independent Mongolia .
She appeared at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden in London from 1947 to 1949 , and also La Scala in Milan , the Edinburgh festival .
Ruth Buzzi guest starred as a music and comedy performer on dozens of prime time television specials with colleagues including Jonathan Winters , Carol Burnett , Jim Nabors , Dean Paradise , and was in a show created for Debbie Reynolds called Aloha Paradise , to name just a few .
Soga no Iname was the chief , or Ō-omi , of the Soga clan .
The Late Bronze Age collapse was a transition in the Aegean Region , Southwestern Asia and the Eastern Mediterranean from the Late Bronze Age to the Early Iron Age that historians , such as Amos Nur and Leonard R. Palmer , believe was violent , sudden and culturally disruptive .
However , he regrets the fact that it was first released as a mere B-side , admitting he was `` young and stupid '' , when he made that decision .
Zenwalk is a Linux distribution by focusing on Internet applications , multimedia and programming tools .
The Beagle returned to England on 14 October 1830 .
This influence started in the first century before Christ and lasted until around 250 AD .
The sea hosts about 80 species of zooplankton .
Alternatively a flight to or from Melaleuca may be arranged to split the walk , or for tourist access for day trips .
Other minorities , which include Ukrainians , make up the rest of the population ( 0.9 % ) .
The Hubble Space Telescope is a telescope telescope .
In 2005 , during UNESCO 's 33rd General Conference it was decided that UNESCO would be the main partner of the Forum providing technical assistance and promotion of the Forum with international governmental and non-governmental organizations ( NGO ) .
One of the characteristics of Cuban dance to the son , and other similar rhythms , was , and still is , their method of taking three steps to four beats of music ( whether 2\/4 or 4\/4 ) .
Coordinates : 51 ° 30 ′ 29 ″ N 0 ° 05 ′ 16 ″ W \/ 51.50806 ° N 0.08778 ° W \/ 51.50806 ; -0.08778 London Bridge refers to several historical bridges that have spanned the River Thames between the City of London and Southwark , in central London .
It is listed as one of the top ten `` Asians of the Century '' by Time magazine .
He has performed at various opera houses around the world .
Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock and DJ Hero 2 sold only 86,000 and 59,000 copies in North America .
She was the last Empress of India .
This is called compact fluorescent lamp .
He also reformed the army , which he formed instead five Piedmontese regiments and recreated cavalry , as well as introducing uniforms .
This made Lashley the first African American to hold the ECW Title .
In 2007 a new depot opened on Abbey Lane Road .
The total length currently is 15.4 km .
Vitellius went into hiding and prepared to flee , but decided on a last visit to the palace .
This is the same place Hurricane Frances struck Florida three weeks earlier .
On 6 May he faced the Socialist candidate Ségolène Royal in the second round and won , taking 53.06 % of the vote .
It was found by Matthew J. Holman , John J. Kavelaars , Dan Milisavljevic , and Brett J. Gladman on August 13 , 2001 , and given the provisional designation S\/2001 U 2 .
Collagen is mostly found in fibrous tissues such as tendons , ligaments and skin , and is also abundant in corneas , cartilage , bones , blood vessels , the gut , and intervertebral discs .
Also , the head wolf in The Jungle Book , has become a senior figure in the movement .
In 1847 he entered a parallel career as a Shakespearean scholar .
He is also an accomplished musician , singing and also playing the guitar , bass and drums .
He was born near St Albans and applied to be admitted to the abbey .
As a result of being a frequent target of censors , Of Mice and Men appears on the American Library Association 's list of the Most Challenged Books of 21st Century ( number 4 ) .
The Slave Coast is a historical name formerly used for parts of coastal West Africa along the Bight of Benin .
He was a month short of 26 years old at launch .
The Études by Frédéric Chopin are three sets of solo studies for the piano .
In 1980-1982 , another major program of excavation and restoration was carried out at the Pyramid of the Feathered Serpent and the Avenue of the Dead complex .
The labyrinthodonts flourished for more than 200 million years .
Spain has been in every Winter Olympic Games since 1936 .
The energy difference between `` classical '' carbocations and `` non-classical '' isomers is often very small , and in general there is little , if any , activation energy involved in the transition between `` classical '' and `` non-classical '' structures .
Oh Se-hoon ( born January 4 , 1961 in Seongdong-gu , Seoul ) was the Mayor of Seoul between 2006 and August 26 , 2011 .
Yale University 's John W. Hall Lecture Series in Japanese Studies was established in his memory .
The United States association is called the LPGA .
Since sequence information is normally transmitted from parents to progeny by genes , a conserved sequence implies that there is a conserved gene .
The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2004 was the second Eurovision Song Contest for young singers aged 8 to 15 .
He spent his time reading , watching dramatic plays , making and listening to music , and regarded this time as one of the happiest of his life .
Thessaloniki ( Greek : Θεσσαλονίκη ) is a city in Macedonia and Macedonia .
It was used as a red paint pigment .
On 12 August 2013 , Lorde announced on her Twitter album Pure Heroine .
The British also established hospitals including Rangoon University Hospital and colleges University .
In a suspension system , the axles serve to transmit driving torque to the wheel , as well as to maintain the position of the wheels relative to each other and to the vehicle body .
`` The world is wide '' , he wrote , `` no two days are alike , nor even two hours ; neither were there ever two leaves of a tree alike since the creation of all the world ; and the genuine productions of art , like those of nature , are all distinct from each other . ''
A further Act of Union in 1800 added the Kingdom of Ireland to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
An earthquake struck northern and central Costa Rica in 2009 , killing at least 34 people .
Later they enacted these reforms , the junta relinquished its power on November 8 , 1949 to the new democratic government .
The region of Tamil Nadu in modern India has been under continuous human habitation since prehistoric era from 15,000 BCE to 10,000 BCE .
It reacts with carbon monoxide to make the six coordinate dicarbonyl complex ( 4 ) which decomposes by reductive elimination to form acetyl iodide ( CH3COI ) and regenerate the active form of the catalyst .
The Bruins would defeat the Flyers in four straight to win the Cup and Lewicki would score the series-winning goal .
The term tundra is through Russian тундра from the Kildin Sami word tūndâr `` uplands '' , `` treeless mountain tract '' .
Phillip joined the Royal Navy at about fifteen .
Currently , Cluj-Napoca , Oradea and Baia Mare airports have international flights , while Satu Mare airport only handles domestic flights .
First elected at the 1951 general election as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála ( TD ) for Clare , he remained in Dáil Éireann until 1973 .
He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the 2000 NFL Draft .
Co-Founder and Executive Chairman Jordan Greenhall would be switching from his current role as CEO to manage the separating Stage6 .
The first 747-100s were built with six upper deck windows to accommodate upstairs lounge areas .
In 1837 she became one of the wealthiest women in England when she inherited her grandfather 's fortune of around # 1.8 million pounds sterling , following the death of her stepgrandmother , Harriot Mellon .
The city is surrounded by the Town of Hayward .
A few languages have phonemic people .
Instead of destroying the mosque-which they called Solomon 's Temple - the Crusaders used it as a royal palace and as a stable for horses .
The 1990s saw extreme corruption and lawlessness , the rise of criminal gangs and violent crime .
Hurricane Frances was the sixth major hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season .
Bronstein 's work in the Philippines also earned him awards from the Associated Press , the Overseas Press Club , the World Affairs Council , and the Media Alliance .
Energy demand is expected to rise , but not indefinitely .
It was first known as the Waffen-SS .
Their parents are Luna , <unk> and Luna .
Leibniz made major contributions to physics and technology , and made major contributions to physics and technology , and anticipated notions that surfaced much later in philosophy , probability theory , medicine , and computer science .
It consists of two components : an appreciably flattened disk containing two-thirds of the supercluster 's luminous galaxies , and a roughly spherical halo containing the remaining one-third .
The compromise between mobility and stability results in a large number of shoulder problems not faced by the hip .
One possible magic number of neutrons for spherical nuclei is 184 , and some possible matching proton numbers are 114 , 120 and 126 - which would mean that the most stable spherical isotopes would be flerovium-298 , unbinilium-304 and unbihexium-310 .
Australia 's landmass of 7,617,930 square kilometres ( 2,941,300 sq mi ) is on the Indo-Australian Plate .
At the Mid-Atlantic Ridge ( and other places ) , material from the upper mantle rises through the faults between oceanic plates to form new crust as the plates move away from each other , a phenomenon first observed as continental drift .
It is powered by two Rolls-Royce BR715 turbofan engines .
As a painter , he specialized in informal painting .
The band spent the next few years writing and touring sporadically in Seattle , Washington , in 2001 .
Examples of this type of bract include Euphorbia pulcherrima ( poinsettia ) and Bougainvillea : both of these have large colorful bracts surrounding much smaller , less colorful flowers .
Because of this , the mutiny was the mutineers and led them on a short campaign across the Rhine into Germanic territory .
The port was lit on the night of the raid to expedite the unloading of supplies supporting Allied forces engaged in the battle for Rome and was working at full capacity .
See Special : <unk> for a list of users in this group .
Igneous rocks of the Mackenzie Large Igneous Province are generally mafic in composition , including basalt and gabbro .
Dershowitz has been involved in several high-profile legal cases and is a regular commentator on the Arab-Israeli conflict .
`` rice paddle ? ''
If two teams tie for the most points , then the trophy goes to the team with the most wins .
It was released on the U.S. Billboard 200 .
They extend for more than 600 km and lie in a northwest-southeast direction .
A total of 19 clubs competed in the SPL , but only the Old Firm clubs , Celtic and Rangers won the league championship .
The winner of the Individual Carbine competition was to supplement the M4 carbine in U.S. Army service ; all other services will continue using the M4 carbine and M16 rifles .
The Barbados Programme of Action was produced in 1994 to assist the SIDS in their sustainable development efforts .
The construction contract was awarded to C.J. Langenfelder & Son , Inc. in Baltimore , Maryland .
She tells Signior Opera and died giving birth to his child .
This costume was also worn by plague doctors during the Plague of 1656 .
matting were used to grind grain or draw up water , and were quite different from the later European vertical windmills .
Siemens Sygnal state the ability to deliver a single message that provides full details to first responders while filtering that same message to provide more limited instructions to lock doors to the general public .
In addition , it has an equal number of sympathetic strings located below the main strings .
Starting from 2002 , he cooperated with Stas Namin , the musician , composer , and record producer .
It is one of the most visited amusement parks in Scandinavia , attracting about 3 million visitors annually .
The seventh season of Bad Girls Club , called Bad Girls Club , premiered on August 1 , 2011 .
The following is a listing of these 11 extinct shire , counties , towns , and cities , with the approximate dates they existed :
The disturbance was below the 10 degree latitude as it organized into a tropical depression on September 7 and then a tropical storm later that day .
In November 2005 , Brussels was very good affected by the spread of the French riots .
They made the first American wood pencils in 1812 .
According to a legend , an invading Norse army was attempting to sneak up at night upon a Scottish army 's encampment .
Originally , it was scheduled to end with the men 's singles final match on Sunday , September 13 , but due to rain the tournament was extended by one day .
In Hebrew , the word ha-satan ( השָׂטָן ) means `` the adversary '' or the obstacle , or even `` the prosecutor '' ( recognizing that God is viewed as the ultimate Judge ) .
Lucario has a large snout and ears , a furry yellow torso , and blue thighs in the shape of shorts .
Klaus Lorenz joined the Nazi Party in 1938 and accepted a university chair under the Nazi regime .
The fossils are within an area of 500 km2 , in southeast Morocco 's Draa Valley , north of Zagora .
Every year about 40 concerts are given in the cathedral .
August is the seasonal equivalent of February in the Northern Hemisphere .
Susan Abigail Sarandon ( born October 4 , 1946 ) is an American actress .
Butterworth was born in London , England .
The name `` Johor '' originated from the Arabic word Jauhar , ` gem\/jewel ' .
They are shaped like pink skin , large blue or green eyes , catlike ears and a tuft of fur on its forehead .
The word derives from Greek μουσική ( mousike ; `` art of the Muses '' ) .
The total length of the river is about 725 kilometres ( 450 mi ) .
, in 2013 .
In 1909 , when , with the award of a Royal Charter , the college became the University of Bristol , he was appointed as its first Vice-Chancellor , an office he held for a year before deciding to become Professor of Psychology and Ethics until his retirement in 1919 .
He continued his dispute with the followers of Karadžić in a series of articles published in 1852 .
Diners tear the side or top and squeeze the ketchup out of the ketchup packets .
A chain is a unit of length .
The capabilities approach to welfare argues that freedom - what people are free to do or be - should be included in welfare assessments , and the approach has been particularly influential in development policy circles where the emphasis on multi-dimensionality and freedom has shaped the evolution of the Human Development Index .
Preparations were pushed ahead for an armed revolt , and he was made commandant of the Third Battalion and adjutant of the Dublin Brigade .
This information is being given to you gratuitously and there is no agreement or understanding between you and Wikipedia regarding your use or modification of this information beyond the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License ( CC-BY-SA ) and the GNU Free Documentation License ( GFDL ) DO NOT .
He was banned from leaving the country between 1971 and 1991 .
In December 2001 , OutKast released a greatest hits album , Big Boi and Dre Present .
Harding then attended the University of Cambridge , but after his first year at university , Abbado named him his assistant with the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra .
By May 28 , deep convection developed across a small area over the low pressure system , leading to the National Hurricane Center classifying the system as Tropical Depression One .
An initial study of the M. genitalium genome with shotgun sequencing was performed by Peterson sequencing was performed by Peterson in 1993 .
The Maribyrnong River Viaduct ( also known as the Quarter Mile Bridge ) caries the Albion-Jacana railway line , Melbourne across the Maribyrnong River in the western suburbs of Melbourne , Australia .
There were allegations made of inappropriate handling of the situation and of the overuse of armed force by the Gardaí .
They had two children .
Leichhardt preserved Gilbert 's papers and his diary , which , however , was lost for nearly 100 years before its discovery by A. H. Chisholm .
The latter asks Rosina to write a few encouraging words to Lindoro , which she has actually already written .
Devi is synonymous with Shakti , the female aspect of the divine , as conceptualized by the Shakta tradition of Hinduism .
In 1917 he went to Leipzig to study with legendary cellist Julius Klengel .
It was under his guidance that the original accelerator was replaced with the Tevatron , an accelerator capable of colliding proton and an antiproton at a combined energy of 1.96 TeV .
Thus , whenever Achilles reaches somewhere the tortoise has been , he still has farther to go .
Dandurand was born in Bourbonnais , Illinois .
Hispania recorded its first double finish at the Malaysian Grand Prix .
The New York Islanders won their third straight Stanley Cup by sweeping the Vancouver Canucks in four games .
He returned to Barcelona in 1889 .
The ` facts ' themselves meanwhile are not true .
The Argentina Olympic football team won Gold at the Athens Olympic games , they defended their title in 2008 to become the first team to defend the Olympic football title since Hungary in 1968 .
His voice reminds one of a buzz-saw . ''
He also won the McLaren Autosport BRDC Young Driver of The Year Award in 2004 .
The United Kingdom lasted until 1822 , when the Brazilian Empire became independent from Portugal .
The team hired 1999 world championship runner up Eddie Irvine to partner former Stewart driver Johnny Herbert , but the results that season did not match the results that Stewart had been able to achieve in 1999 .
The City of Curitiba has an average altitude of 934.6 metres above sea level .
By 1876 , they were well known for their visits to nearby towns such as Wangaratta , Beechworth and Benalla .
Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol ( XMPP ) is a communications protocol for message-oriented middleware based on XML ( Extensible Markup Language ) .
However , these graphical responses are usually in the background , and the avatar is more important to spectators than it is to the player .
As of 2008 , she is based in Atlanta , Georgia .
By consistently staying on beat , players will stay in the Good ranking .
Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge .
The county was made on December 29 , 1792 from Mecklenburg County .
Four species live in fresh water rivers , as did the recently extinct fifth species , the baiji or Chinese river dolphin .
He is the author of a number of Urdu books on topics relating to spirituality , the most successful among these being Deen-e-Ilahi `` The Religion of God '' ( 2000 ) , which has recently been republished by Balboa Press , a division of Hay House and translated into English and other languages by Messiah Foundation International .
On the 900th episode of Raw Nexus defeated John Cena , Edge , Chris Jericho , Sheamus and Randy Orton in a 5 on 5 elimination match , after Gabriel hit Cena with the 450-splash for the third time , pinning him a second time , while Barrett dropped and pinned Randy Orton .
They had three children .
He started a long-running feud with the new commander-in-chief , Southern Command , Claude Auchinleck .
When she was 17 years old , she moved to Germany .
Green County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Arthur `` Big Boy '' Crudup ( August 24 , 1905 - March 28 , 1974 ) was an American blues singer , songwriter , and guitarist .
Today , the Navy Yard houses a variety of activities .
The tour was intended to showcase songs from Knowles ' first solo album , Dangerously in Love released in 2003 .
DiCaprio , an only child , was born in Los Angeles , California .
A series of excavations at the Pyramid of the Moon have greatly expanded evidence of cultural practices .
While playing with Copper at his home , Tod awakens Chief .
Social and cultural aspects of the Brussels Treaty were handed to the Council of Europe to avoid duplication of responsibilities within Europe .
Iron , most commonly used in the form of an alloy , steel , which contains up to 2.1 % carbon , making it much harder than pure iron .
Rules in Chuvash Wikipedia are not regarded as being as flexible in disputes as they are on the English project .
A creed is sometimes referred to as a symbol signifying by which persons of like beliefs might recognize each other .
There are over 100 flavors .
The Old Recreation Ground was located in Hanley and stood on what is now the multi-storey car park for the Potteries Shopping Centre .
If Orton won , the main event would remain as Orton versus Triple H in a singles match .
As of the 2010 census , 8,784 people lived there .
In the United States , such municipal corporations are established by a state legislature by means of local legislation , or indirectly under a general municipal corporation law , usually after the proposed charter has passed a referendum vote of the affected population .
His father 's alcoholism and ill health kept him from training Arnold in the family mercantile business , but his mother 's family connections secured an apprenticeship for Arnold with two of her cousins , brothers Daniel and Joshua Lathrop , who operated a successful apothecary and general merchandise trade in Norwich .
The mall built the mall near the condominium developments .
In contrast to a commercial bank , a central bank has a monopoly on increasing the amount of money in the nation , and usually also prints the national currency , which usually serves as the nation 's legal tender .
Ohio County is part of the Wheeling Colony .
It appear red or pink .
His identifying mass spectrum appears at a characteristic retention time in a GC-MS analysis , it typically increases certainty that the analyte of interest is in the sample .
Cena won the match and retained the WWE Championship after pinning Foley following an FU .
Mark Oliver Everett ( born April 10 , 1963 ) is the lead singer , songwriter , guitarist , keyboardist and sometime of the independent rock band Eels .
The Macedonian <unk> is an infantry formation made by Philip II and used by his son Alexander the Great to conquer the Persian Empire and other armies .
was the 17th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
In modern times , the word is sometimes extended to mean any other long-standing feud , not necessarily involving bloodshed .
The misuse of dextromethorphan ( an over-the-counter cough medicine ) has led to its ban in countries .
Not as tyrants have we come , but as liberators . ''
Only active resistance in the form of spying , sabotage or with arms was what the Dutch considered resistance .
However , as of 2006 , no other total synthesis of Vitamin B12 has been published .
In 1844 a new town hall and Orthodox and Protestant churches were completed .
She was buried in the Imperial Mausoleum next to Graz Cathedral .
Stevens was killed during this attack about 5 p.m. by a shot through his temple .
It is in the Phoenix Park on the northside of Dublin .
The next-most senior member is the Grand Master .
Motorcades can be used as protests and demonstrations .
Gary `` Suitcase '' Smith ( born February 4 , 1944 ) a former professional ice hockey goaltender .
He went to the United States in 1902 to study at Cornell University .
The Solitude Of Thomas Cave , by Georgina Harding , is a novel about a sailor who bets his shipmates that he can overwinter in Svalbard .
After the manager had been sent , Ned Kelly took Living back to the bank .
Stability and improvement in this measurement correlate with better survival .
A dyotropic Reaction ( from the Greek dyo , meaning two ) in organic chemistry is a type of organic reaction and more specifically a pericyclic valence isomerization .
The series is starring Ron Daise and Natalie Daise .
Ham was born in Swansea , Wales .
The Attitude Era was a period in the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) ( known now as WWE ) and professional wrestling history that began during the later half of the 1990s and ended in the early 2000s resulting in a three-year life span .
The Kelly Gang were the subject of the world 's first full length movie , The Story of the Kelly Gang .
In 1916 he moved to Chardstock in Devonshire and started painting again .
One of its administrators was Uladzimir Katkouski ( user name : rydel ) .
The first aircraft operated by the `` Aerial Medical Service '' in 1928 was a de Havilland DH .50 hired from the Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Service ( Qantas ) .
From 1984 on , Schumacher won many German and European kart championships .
The membranes can manifest , symptoms most commonly involve the skin , mucous membranes , and lymph nodes .
He melded it into one so everyone could have a common conversation . ''
This grass which had been grazed so evenly by the sheep and cattle running on it that it required little to make it serviceable to land aircraft .
Researchers have also found the effects of illusory superiority in studies into relationship satisfaction .
Eukaryotic cilia are structurally identical to Eukaryotic flagella , although distinctions are sometimes made according to function and\/or length .
Ball was born to Henry Durrell Ball ( September 16 , 1887 - April 26 , 1915 ) and Desiree `` DeDe '' Evelyn Hunt ( September 21 , 1887 - July 20 , 1977 ) in Jamestown , New York .
The development of many of these types of painting was decisively influenced by 17th-century Dutch artists .
In 1987 , he was promoted to the highest rank of the Légion d'honneur .
Wikipedia 's coverage is based on the interests of its volunteer contributors .
At that same pay-per-view , Austin retained his WWF Championship against Angle after Angle won by disqualification .
Edmund Sixtus `` Ed '' Muskie ( March 28 , 1914 - March 26 , 1996 ) was an American politician .
After graduation , Grillo became a comedian by chance , improvising a monologue in an audition .
At its height , core actors like Helen Wagner , Don MacLaughlin , Don Hastings , and Eileen Fulton became nationally known .
Primus and Mucianus led the Flavian forces against Vitellius , while Vespasian took control of Egypt .
Thebe was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 .
In 1981 , all signed the first Concorde Agreement named after the plaza in Paris .
I can not quit , I have to go on . ''
<unk> founded his city there on the European coast and named it Byzantium after himself .
Tragic Kingdom is the third studio album by American rock band No Doubt .
Mycorrhizal plants are often more resistant to diseases , such as those caused by microbial soil-borne pathogens .
The encryption and decryption routines can be used in a few lines of code .
There are no spandrel panels , and the mullions are minimal .
Abramoff 's membership ended on a sour note when Citizens for America 's sponsor Lewis Lehrman , a former New York gubernatorial candidate , concluded that Abramoff had spent his money carelessly .
It can run from an optical disc drive i.e. USB-stick without using a hard disk drive .
The storm was of potential concern and was being monitored closely as it may have indirectly impacted the east coast of North America .
Croatia also expressed an interest in hosting this contest .
<unk> is not a contrabass instrument .
It developed in the 14th century as a simplified form of textualis , with influence from the form of textualis as used for writing charters .
The instruments played on the album include the mandolin and mandola .
For example , when passengers are traveling on the Kwun Tong Line towards Tiu Keng Leng , getting off at Yau Tong would allow them to switch trains across the platform for the Tseung Kwan O Line towards North Point .
In 2012 , The Hollywood Reporter named her one of the Most Powerful People in Media .
The novel was filmed twice : in 1986 as an award-winning BBC television serial , starring Patricia Hodge as Mary Fisher , Dennis Waterman as Bobbo and Julie T. Wallace .
Lucy 's fall results in a miscarriage .
Winehouse performed at Nelson Mandela 's 90th Birthday Party concert at London 's Hyde Park .
CMRTA has also added 10 natural gas powered buses to the fleet .
Childers was a popularity of Ireland .
The Seton Hall College of Medicine and Dentistry was the first school in New Jersey .
Although in declining health , he continued to work on his research of problem-solving , what he preferred to call `` productive thinking . ''
He was born in Saint-Germain-en-Laye , France .
It often migrates by night , using the stars to navigate .
She was also in his Jazz at the Philharmonic ( JATP ) concerts .
In Harmony of the Gospels , Cox and Easley provide a harmony for the parables based on the following counts : Only in Matthew : 11 , only in Mark : 2 , Matthew and Luke : 4 , Matthew , Mark and Luke : 6 .
The first two incarnations each die during the episode in which they appear .
Bernard Fanning ( born August 15 1969 ) is an Australian musician .
In August 2003 , Branstad accepted an offer from Des Moines University to become president .
Under the city 's protection , they were able to form their own reformed church under John Knox and William Whittingham and eventually carried Calvin 's ideas on doctrine and polity back to England and Scotland .
Cink had birdied the 72nd hole while Watson bogeyed , which forced the playoff .
Also , land interaction severely weakened to a minimal Category 1 typhoon with winds of under 70 knots ( 130 km\/h ; 81 mph ) ( 1-min sustained ) .
Bushmaster has stated that it will cover all of the costs associated with the repairs to the recalled rifles .
Songs in A Minor debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart , selling 236,000 copies in its first week .
Following him was his second , William , who was a favorite of King John who restored his earldom along with the manors of Wirksworth , Ashbourne and , later , Horston Castle ( Horsley ) .
Timothy D. Rice-Oxley ( born June 2 , 1976 ) is an American musician and singer .
Epoprostenol ( synthetic prostacyclin , marketed as Flolan ) is given via continuous infusion that requires a semi-permanent central venous catheter .
Around the age of 13 , Cotten began working as a maid along with her mother .
Used by over 80 % of the 10,000 most visited websites , jQuery is the most popular library in use today .
The Yonge-University line was extended north 8.7 km ( 5.4 mi ) from Eglinton Avenue to Finch Avenue and Yonge in 1973 and 1974 .
Helmand was one of the world 's largest opium-producing regions .
In 1930 , he retired from his insurance business , which gave him more time to devote to his musical work .
London is vulnerable to flooding and from heavy tides closing in .
Tsetse have an unusual life cycle which may be due to the richness of their food source .
The airport was named for County Supervisor William J. Buchanan .
Since then , thousands of moons have been launched into orbit around the Earth .
The convention center offers 615,700 sq ft ( 57,200 m2 ) of exhibit space .
For behold , from henceforth , all generations shall call me blessed .
The `` 25\/48\/53 formula '' referred to the three articles of the Constitution that could make a `` Presidential government '' possible : Schleicher was to have Hindenburg appoint a man of Schleicher 's choosing as chancellor , who would rule under the provisions of Article 48 .
Syria would remain the base of Umayyad power until the end of the dynasty in 750 .
Beginning in 1914 , both Lasky and Famous Players released their movies through a start-up company , Paramount Pictures Corporation , organized early that year by a Utah theater , W. W. Hodkinson , who had bought and merged several smaller firms .
Before Selena signed her first major contract with EMI Latin in 1989 , Behar and Stephen Finfer asked a crossover album for Selena .
Throughout the series , Coleman , her daughter Leah , Leah 's cousin Alex , and Hopkins .
Designed and built by Arrow Dynamics at a cost of $ 4 million , the ride officially opened to the public on April 11 , 1987 .
In the doubles Kunieda was partnered to the title by Maikel Scheffers .
It is the largest continuous area of tropical rainforest in the Australian continent .
Draco , to be sold , Draco , to be sold as slaves .
He began busking and her brother Andrew began busking on the streets of Chattanooga .
After a divorce , she married The Tonight Show drummer Ed Shaughnessy in 1963 .
Aaliyah began her acting career that same year ; she played herself in the police drama television series New York Undercover .
Her father gave her a dowry of 500,000 crowns and many beautiful jewels .
There is also a new mascot , Koala which is a koala .
He is best known as the bassist co-founding member , and one of the composers of the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers .
Martin was born in Steubenville , Ohio .
The 1990s were plagued by armed conflicts in the North Caucasus , both local ethnic skirmishes and separatist Islamist insurrections .
Since then , the emergence of a market economy in Moscow has produced an explosion of Western-style retailing , services , architecture , and lifestyles .
This bladder hangs between the eyes and down over the upper lip in the deflated state .
He does not seem to have been involved in any fighting and had little or no influence with the military republican leadership - headed by IRA Chief of Staff , Liam Lynch .
Hankerson later introduced her to recording artist and producer R. Kelly , who became Aaliyah 's mentor , which was recorded when she was 14 .
, Undertaker challenged Henry to a Casket match at WrestleMania .
Fulham Football Club is a football club in London .
Manufactures include food products and housing materials .
Oxidizers include boron III oxide and copper ( II ) oxide .
The tour had many guest appearances by Glen Phillips , Jon Brion , Fiona Apple , Bruce Molsky , Bela Fleck , Tom Brosseau and Tift Merritt , among others .
The eye must be protected from drying up , or the cornea may be permanently damaged resulting in impaired vision .
On 3 October 2011 , Knox 's and Sollecito were found not guilty .
Natural bitumen deposits are reported in many countries , but in particular are found in extremely large quantities in Canada .
Keel-billed is a very social bird , rarely seen alone .
This census data had understated the number of Italians in the city area and this mistake seems to be confirmed by a series of subsequent events .
The circle would be regarded as a degenerate case ( the function not being strictly monotonic , but rather constant ) .
The Blind Side also received an Academy Award for Best Picture nomination .
This means that the radiative flux passing through the photosphere of a hypergiant may be nearly strong enough to lift off the photosphere .
She was assigned to field and forest work .
Kazuki Nakajima ( 中嶋 一貴 , Nakajima Kazuki ?
The present district Prignitz was created in 1993 by joining the old districts of Pritzwalk and Perleberg and a few municipalities from the district Kyritz .
Under his leadership the Company has also created sixteen annual prizes in mathematics and history for pupils aged 14 to 15 at four London academies .
Hechler was born in Roslyn , New York on September 20 , 1914 to Charles H. Hechler and Catherine Hauhart Hechler .
palaestra at Olympia is an ancient edifice in Olympia , Greece .
The Feast of Lamps was held annually in her honor and , according to Herodotus , her devotees burned a multitude of lights in the open air all night during the celebration .
Laden animals could be taken over the Mintaka and Kilik passes into upper Hunza ( both open all year ) , but then loads would have to be carried by coolie ( porters ) to Gilgit ( an expensive and dangerous operation ) .
After the four-month ocean trip , their food stores were enough only for each to have a cup or two of grain-meal per day .
William Swainson FLS , FRS ( 8 October 1789 - 6 December 1855 ) , was a British ornithologist , malacologist , conchologist , entomologist and artist .
Wellington was originally established in 1823 by Lieutenant Percy Simpson in early 1823 .
It was later mentioned that Tauriel is a talented warrior and was therefore made leader of the Mirkwood border guards .
The Story of Black Hills Disappearances was produced by Haxan Films .
On 11 May 2009 , Karthikeyan finished sixth in his first ever Le Mans series race while driving for the Kolles Audi team in the second round of the 2009 championship held at the Spa-Francorchamps circuit in Belgium .
Three years later , the First Empire , to which he was the heir , collapsed .
It may be appropriate to have a link to a non-English-language site , such as when an official site is unavailable in English ; or when the link is to the subject 's text in its original language ; or when the site contains visual aids such as maps , diagrams , or tables-per the guideline on non-English-language sites .
His parents were Sadie ( née Schindler ) and Philip Sendak , a dressmaker .
White Oleander is a 1999 novel by American author Janet Fitch .
The number of frost days ranges from 50 to 60 days .
According to Anania Shirakatsi 's Ashkharatsuyts ( `` World Atlas '' ) , Tsopk ( Sophene ) was the 2nd among the 15 provinces of Greater Armenia .
The oblast is ranked 23rd by area and 17th by population .
The circulation continued to erratically move through the central Atlantic Ocean for another 10 days .
Steinfurt is a Kreis ( district ) in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
General Eisenhower ( the Supreme Allied Commander ) and his staff chose the Ardennes region , held by the First United States Army .
A 10 metre ( 32.8 feet ) long colossal squid weighing 495 kilograms ( 1,091 lb ) was captured in the Ross Sea on February 22 , 2007 .
At various times , guest hosts substituted for Moore , including panelists Morgan and Palmer , among others .
Mammalian prey includes rabbits , hares , ground squirrels , Raccoons ( Procyon lotor ) , Muskrats ( Ondatra zibethicus ) , beavers ( Castor canadensis ) , and deer fawns .
Prost then passed Berger and the stops did not change anything .
For example , for having extra-marital affairs . ''
They asked his cousin , Charles the Fat , to rule them .
When Cobain was seven years old , his parents divorced .
The basic activity of this brain region is considered to be orchestration of thoughts and actions in accordance with internal goals .
Ravel tried to win the prize at the Paris Conservatory .
Stratus controlled most of the match though Hemme attempted many pinning maneuvers that were unsuccessful .
At the top of the steps , which lead down to the port , stands a statue of the Duc de Richelieu .
Wushu is both an exhibition and a sport derived from traditional Chinese martial arts .
The French suffered greatly in the course of a ruinous retreat , including from the harshness of the Russian Winter .
A fine lithographer , Delacroix illustrated various works of William Shakespeare , the Scottish writer Walter Scott and the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
In 1983 , his government was accused of being involved in the assassination of his primary political opponent , Benigno Aquino , Jr. .
Noah Webster , Jr. ( October 16 , 1758 - May 28 , 1843 ) was a lexicographer , textbook pioneer , English-language spelling reformer , political writer , editor , and prolific author .
`` I approached it like high school , '' said Hollander : `` On the first record , they were freshmen , innocent and wide-eyed .
These include the phyllids ( leaf-like structures ) of bryophytes , rhizoids in nonvascular plants and the roots , leaves , and other organs that are found in tracheophytes ( vascular plants ) .
It was also in the Randall and Hopkirk ( 1969 ) .
These controls controls there .
The most widely studied of the progeroid syndromes are Werner syndrome and Hutchinson-Gilford progeria , as they are seen to most resemble natural aging .
The results of Royal Commissions are published in reports , often massive , of findings containing policy recommendations .
Old Persian appears primarily in the inscriptions , clay tablets , and seals of the Achaemenid era ( c. 600 BCE to 300 BCE ) .
They retreated into northern and central Italy .
Staunton continued writing the chess column in Illustrated London News until his death in 1874 , greeting new developments with enthusiasm .
In 1805 , Michigan Territory was formed .
Sorai studied the Zhu Xi version of Song Confucianism .
Grameen Bank is best known for its system of solidarity lending .
He named a new government headed by Grand Admiral Karl Dönitz in his last will and testament , in which Seyss-Inquart replaced Joachim von Ribbentrop , who had long since fallen out of favor , as Foreign Minister .
He marched into Flanders at the head of an army and on 30 March got the barons of the province to accept William as their new count .
In 1963 , he was formally appointed prime minister of Nyasaland and led the country to independence as Malawi a year later .
A 1996 review of service records for Asian Americans who received the Distinguished Service Cross during World War II led to Tanouye 's award being upgraded to the Medal of Honor .
He found modern-day Lake Zorkul , called it Lake Victoria and proclaimed he had found the source .
In the end of the last betting round , there is a showdown , in which the players reveal their previously hidden cards and evaluate their hands .
Some time later , President Richard Nixon spoke to them through a transmission which Nixon called `` the most historic phone call ever made from the White House . ''
The Dalmatian is muscular dog with excellent endurance and stamina .
It are quite popular .
Clarkson is graduated from Burleson High School .
In Marshfield , Wisconsin , Lisa Joling , head coach of the Marshfield High School dance team , was fired in August 2013 .
Between the 15th and the 19th centuries , the Atlantic slave trade took an estimated 7-12 million slaves to the New World .
It moved northeastward , entraining cold air into its circulation .
After the war , the observatory changed direction to stellar and galactic astronomy .
About 1,000 people lived in the county .
During a stop in Los Angeles , Parker had a nervous breakdown that landed him in the Camarillo State Mental Hospital for several months .
Until the 1900s yogurt was a staple in diets of people in the Russian Empire ( and especially Central Asia and the Caucasus ) , Western Europe , and India .
This copy of the Gettysburg Address apparently remained in John Nicolay 's possession until 1901 .
He worked as a missionary in a mining region in Belgium .
W.H. Thorpe commented as follows : `` The importance of this was enormous ... ( but ) to the modern ethologist dealing with higher animals and faced as he is with ever-increasing evidence for the complexity of perceptual organization ... the very reverse of Morgan 's canon often proves to be the best strategy '' .
Critic John Bush wrote that Holiday wrote the art of American pop vocals forever .
Keane are an English rock band from East Sussex , formed in 1997 .
Maria Amalia was also a patron of the composer Gian Francesco Fortunati , a favorite at the court .
His parents were Emanuel Lasker , Ernst Zermelo , and Carl Gustav Hempel .
Germany also hosted the Summer Olympics the same year in Berlin .
It was released on VHS and DVD by Fox Video .
Saurophaganax is a genus of <unk> dinosaur from the Morrison Formation .
Further observations were made on July 3 and July 18 , 2011 and it was verified as a new moon on July 20 , 2011 .
It uses only a single accent mark , the acute ( also known as tonos , i.e. simply `` accent '' ) , marking the stressed syllable of polysyllabic words , and occasionally the diaeresis to distinguish diphthongal from digraph readings in pairs of vowel letters .
Quicksand may be found inland ( on riverbanks , near lakes , or in marshes ) , or near the coast .
Major national parks include the Jardine River National Park in the far north , Mungkan Kandju National Park near Aurukun , and Lakefield National Park in the southeast of the bioregion .
The structure informally known as the Bishops ' Mausoleum , is designed by architect William J. Brinkmann .
A weight reduction of 700 pounds ( 320 kg ) results in 0.5 % reduction in fuel burn .
In the years following 1770 , at least five investigators in England and Germany ( Sevel , Jensen , Jesty 1774 , Rendell , Plett 1791 ) successfully tested a cowpox vaccine in humans against smallpox .
The 2011 Australian Open girls field was led by the World number one , US Open and youth Olympic champion , Daria Gavrilova .
Prince of Piedmont was born in Turin on 6 May 1699 .
The coaster was standing but not operating for the whole 2011 season .
In animation , he has provided the voices of Bob in Kika & Bob ( 2008 ) and Grampy Rabbit in Peppa Pig ( 2004-present ) .
Dusty was the first Australian to have a No. 1 Hit song with Gordon Parsons ( `` A Pub with No Beer '' ) .
Ney also was implicated in helping to consummate the deal .
That definition , however , suffers from the difficulty of deciding which things are real .
The garage has basic parts and diesel fuel .
On September 17 , 1941 , the Germans occupied the town of Pushkin .
The AVR is a modified Harvard architecture 8-bit RISC single chip microcontroller which was developed by Atmel in 1996 .
Agent Orange is an American punk rock band .
The Germanic warriors stormed the field and slaughtered the disintegrating Roman forces .
It was also the first feature length Disney film to be distributed by Buena Vista Distribution .
Drivers of the trams recorded difficulty in climbing the ramp north from Holborn tramway station and would sometimes roll all the way back to the station .
Its county seat is Oxford .
Many editors have focused so much on this tenet that they have come to believe that good faith is required to be a useful contributor .
In some fields , such as mathematics , computer science , economics and the social sciences , the NSF is the major source of federal backing .
The motto is quocunque jeceris stabit , which is Latin and means : `` whichever way you throw , it will stand '' .
At the 2008 Cannes Film Festival , Alain Siritzky said he was looking for a new Emmanuelle , with production on the first movie scheduled to begin in September .
The core and legs of the sculpture were cut apart during removal .
The wires in the tablet then change to a receiving mode and read the signal generated by the stylus .
They speak the Macedonian language , a South Slavic language .
If the Document already includes a cover text for the same cover , previously added by you or by arrangement made by the same entity you are acting on behalf of , you may not add another ; but you may replace the old one .
Anderson 's first novel , Windy McPherson 's Son was published in 1916 as part of a three-book deal with John Lane .
At the end of 1943 , Allied forces were bogged down at the Gustav Line across Italy .
Katrina had more than 150 miles ( 240 km ) inland near Meridian , Mississippi .
The following tables lists some properties of the six convex regular polychora .
There contain about 25 % oil by weight , whereas cake doughnuts ' oil content is around 20 % , but they have extra fat included in the batter before frying .
The core continues to contract , and when its temperature reaches 100 million K , helium nuclei begin to fuse into carbon and oxygen .
He was also a fiction writer , publisher , illustrator , and film critic .
West released two singles from the album , `` Black Skinhead '' in July 2013 and `` Bound 2 '' the following month .
The Brisbane Riverwalk , a floating walkway over the Brisbane River , gives the inner city neighborhoods and Fortitude Valley .
Embarrassed and annoyed , Cecilia hurries away to her house and worries over the duel .
Marin Alsop ( born October 16 , 1956 ) is an American conductor and violinist .
Mark-Anthony Turnage ( born 10 June 1960 ) is an English composer .
Recording took place at the Helioscentric Studios , East Sussex , East Sussex , United States .
In 1801 , he published Système des animaux sans vertèbres , a major work on the classification of invertebrates , a term he coined .
Jean Rogers had played Dale Century Fox and neither she nor her studio wanted to repeat the Dale Arden role so it was given to a recent Universal contract starlet Carol Hughes .
O'Malley was quoted in the Montreal Standard as saying , `` Jackie told me that he would be both delighted and honored to tackle this managerial post '' - although reports differed as to whether a position was ever formally offered .
Chatham House has many presidents from each of the three main political parties , Sir John Major , former UK Prime Minister , Lord Scotland , and Baroness Scotland .
They ruled Babylonia practically without interruption for almost four hundred years - the longest rule by any dynasty in Babylonian history .
He went to Verona as a guest of Bartolomeo I della Scala , then moved to Sarzana in Liguria .
He became an inspiration to the younger generation of French artists including Édouard Manet and the Impressionist painters .
The Energy Marketing segment natural gas to industrial , commercial , public authority and residential end users located in New York and Pennsylvania .
For even better resolution and to allow for quantification high-performance TLC can be used .
In 1914 , the Banco Internacional de Costa Rica introduced notes in denominations of 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 and 100 colones , to which 25 and 50 centimos , 1 and 2 colones were added in 1918 .
The main landing was made by XXIV Corps and III Amphibious Corps on the Hagushi beaches on the western coast of Okinawa on L-Day , 1 April , which was both Easter Sunday and April Fools ' Day in 1945 .
She has the power that homosexuals would like to have , and they attempt to attain it by idolizing her . ''
Also , a popular beach event occurs in the first week of January when the temperature is around 0 ° C , the `` Polar Bear Club . ''
Hägglund was involved in the National Association for Promotion of Cycling Cycling , first as Secretary-General , and later Executive Chairman .
This was settled by a number of Garifuna emigrants from Honduras in 1823 .
The stadium is patterned , on a smaller scale after Michigan Stadium , the main difference being the tunnel location .
`` Girls , Girls , Girls '' is a single by the American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe .
Mero too would reverse the Curtain Call allowing him the chance to try a moonsault pin to a standing Goldust .
The team currently competes in the Austrian Bundesliga .
The Democratic Party is a full member of the Socialist International .
They interact for about 6 minutes , reminiscent of courtship .
McClain signed a three-year deal with the San Diego Chargers on March 14 , 2012 .
He was diagnosed with AIDS .
According to the United Nations , the death toll surpassed 100,000 in June 2013 , and reached 120,000 by September 2013 .
The palace is bordered by Sweden to the west , Norway to the north , Russia to the east , and Estonia to the south across the Gulf of Finland .
This included towns such as Echuca , Castlemaine , Maryborough and Seymour .
Northern Catalonia is a triangle between the Pyrenees to the south , the Corbières to the north-west , and the Mediterranean Sea to the east .
My influences are Big Black , Sonic Youth , and Fleetwood Mac . ''
Two of Britain 's most famous female vocalists were with his orchestra in the 1930s ; Vera Lynn and Welsh songstress Dorothy Squires .
The S-IC first stage arrived by barge on March 13 , 1967 , and was erected in the VAB four days later , with the S-IVB third stage and Instrument Unit computer arriving the same day .
They feed on phytoplankton and to a lesser extent zooplankton .
Members founded the South African Native National Congress ( SANNC ) on 8 January 1912 at the Waaihoek Wesleyan Church in Bloemfontein to increase the rights of the black South African population .
In addition , some household products use enzymes to speed up biochemical reactions ( e.g. , enzymes in biological washing powders break down protein or fat stains on clothes ; enzymes in meat tenderizers break down proteins into smaller molecules , making the meat easier to chew ) .
Wallich was appointed assistant to William Roxburgh , the East India Company 's botanist in Calcutta .
Mollet was supported by the left wing of the party .
As a young man , Pascal found a job tending horses in Hungary .
HammerFall then had their fourth album - Crimson Thunder .
Early versions of the Daleks rolled on nylon castors , propelled by the operator 's feet .
Otani 's family was interned at the Gila River War Relocation Center in Arizona Otani joined the US Army in 1943 .
The quarterback is the leader of the offense .
Long range forecasts brought the storm near Bermuda .
Females have two copies of the X chromosome , while males have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome .
A Front-Cover Text may be at most 5 words , and a Back-Cover Text may be at most 25 words .
Sagal was married to musician Freddie Beckmeier from 1978 to 1981 .
This deviation led to a number of small changes , including the tilt of the Earth , and the Chandler wobble .
Skin Diamond ( 18 February 1987 ) is the stage name of an award winning American pornographic actress and nude model .
The narrator is speculated that the narrator is confessing to a prison warden , judge , newspaper reporter , doctor or psychiatrist .
Additionally , hit damage is pseudo-realistic , and the player can die after only being shot a few times ( although later in the game various armor suits and artifacts can be acquired that increase the player 's resistance to damage ) .
It was released as the lead single from Teenage Dream : The Complete Confection .
About 150 flowers together yield but 1 g ( 0.035 oz ) of dry saffron threads ; to produce 12 g ( 0.42 oz ) of dried saffron threads ; to produce saffron .
Rainfalls over 12-hours in Guadeloupe were up to 20 in ( 510 mm ) in Saint-Claude , 19.09 in ( 485 mm ) in Guillard-Basse-Terre and 17.63 in ( 448 mm ) in Gaba .
In 1999 , Portugal gave up the last of Europe 's colonies in Asia , Macau , to China , ending an era that had lasted six hundred years .
Argentine clubs have won the tournament a record three times .
The population was 3,977 at the 2000 census .
Shane reminded The Rock of how Vince screwed him out of the WWF Championship earlier that year at WrestleMania and also in a steel cage match the day after WrestleMania .
Spain boycotted the 1936 Summer Olympics in Nazi Germany , and also boycotted the 1956 Games in Melbourne because of the Soviet Union 's invasion of Hungary .
Genetic polymorphism is actively and steadily maintained in populations by natural selection , in contrast to transient polymorphisms where a form is progressively replaced by another .
They remaining with the group until it dissolved in 1951 , producing free-form , spontaneous images in strong , fantastic colors .
Users were attracted to Linux distributions as alternatives to the DOS and Microsoft Windows operating systems on the PC , Mac OS on the Apple Macintosh , and Microsoft Windows operating systems on the PC .
Harry Jenkins , Sr. was the Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives from 1983 to 1986 .
Also , Ocala 's distance from the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico means the city has more days of sunshine than Florida 's cities .
Executive function relates to abilities to differentiate among conflicting thoughts , determine good and bad , better and different , future consequences of current activities , working based on actions , and social `` control '' ( the ability to suppress urges that , if not suppressed , could lead to socially unacceptable outcomes ) .
Jodi Bearman , who organized the trip , said , `` the chaperones were not supposed to keep up with their every move '' .
A frequently cited example is Euripides ' Medea , in which the deus ex machina , a dragon-drawn chariot sent by the sun god , is used to convey his granddaughter Medea , who has just committed murder and infanticide , away from her husband Jason to the safety and civilization of Athens .
Some surface based instruments e.g. LIDAR can provide concentration profiles of chemical compounds and aerosol but are still restricted in the horizontal region they can cover .
Oslo is not divided into municipalities , rather it is equivalent to the municipality of Oslo .
The movie 's song was written by Burt Bacharach and Mack David and became a nationwide hit in the U.S. .
When Wulff took office , Lower Saxony faced a severe budget crisis , resulting from years of public deficits .
It was published in 1996 .
Kandahar ( IPA : قندهار ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan .
Historically , Western bows have been made of pernambuco wood from Brazil .
Demessieux studied five more years privately with Dupré in Meudon .
Sandra Gonzalez of Entertainment Weekly commented on the original news that several characters would be leaving the cast when they graduate , and said : `` Indeed , a rolling cast list has done some shows good in the past .
At school with his fellow students however , Sergei would join the military to serve the revolution , which would divide him from his father .
Pederpes was discovered in 1971 in central Scotland .
Echo Lake includes three attractions based on characters and films created by George Lucas and produced by Disney 's Lucasfilm studio .
Matsui graduated from the University of California , Berkeley in 1963 .
It was consecrated by Pope John Paul II in 1993 .
It tells the story of the clownfish named Marlin ( Albert DeGeneres ) who , along with a regal tang named Dory ( Ellen DeGeneres ) , searches for his abducted son Nemo ( Alexander Gould ) all the way to Sydney Harbour .
The UWA Rural Clinical School provides year-long rural placements for fifth-year medical students in Albany , Derby , Broome , Port Hedland , Karratha , Geraldton , Port Hedland , Karratha , Geraldton , Bunbury , and Kalgoorlie .
Olsen was an engineer who had been working at MIT Lincoln Laboratory on the TX-2 project .
The reverse side is flat , suitable for engraving .
Dodder seeds sprout at or near the surface of the soil .
He is never acknowledged for it unless it goes wrong .
Many locations around the world chose to install BMK carpets .
It forms the boundary between Manchester and Salford and empties into the River Mersey near Irlam .
The airport was also ranked 47th in the world in total aircraft movements in 2008 .
The museum is sponsored by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport .
This was followed by a series of articles inserted in La Ciencia cristiana , a magazine of the purest orthodoxy .
If the culprit had disappeared or was already dead , the vengeance could extend to other relatives .
The question becomes why the only light-absorbing molecule used for power in plants is green and not simply black .
Ishikawa Prefecture ( 石川県 , Ishikawa-ken ? )
Doon has consistently been ranked the best residential school of India by media such as The Times of India and Outlook .
computational chemistry can help the experimental chemist or it can challenge the experimental chemist to find entirely new chemical objects .
The parable of the Unjust Judge has a similar meaning .
Ozawa moved to West Berlin .
An okres ( in English district ) is an administrative unit in Slovakia .
Australia have made six World Cup final appearances .
Early in its life , Debby was forecasted to pass through the southern Cape Verde islands as a tropical storm , potentially causing life-threatening flooding .
Otto Klemperer ( 14 May 1885 - 6 July 1973 ) was a German conductor and composer .
She signed a contract in May 2006 .
Leizu shared her discoveries with others , and the knowledge became widespread in China .
Fossil evidence from some ophiacodonts shows that parts of the skin was covered in rows of osteoderms , firewood overlain by horny scutes .
Selena Live !
This was supported by the fact that , given training , the worst subjects improved their estimate of their rank as well as getting better at the tasks .
Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower ( October 14 , 1890 - March 28 , 1969 ) was the 34th President of the United States .
The Clean Tech Revolution : The Next Big Growth and Investment Opportunity is a 2007 book by Ron Pernick and Clint Wilder .
The Short-Form award is presented to a work under 60,000 words in length .
They are called `` South Tibet '' .
The Neale Monks and C. Phil Palmer speculate that , before ammonites died out during the <unk> extinction event , the argonauts may have evolved to use discarded <unk> shells .
The next pair of appendages , the pedipalps have been adapted for feeding , locomotion , and\/or reproductive functions .
The Dutch mariner wrote `` a wild cat '' on Rottnest Island in 1658 .
Enterprise joined TF 61 to support the amphibious landings in August 1942 .
The internal width of the overbridges was only 9 ft 1 in ( 277 cm ) , but the railway 's passenger carriages were 5 ft 3.5 in ( 161.3 cm ) wide , leaving less than 2 ft ( 61 cm ) clearance on either side , less than the minimum required clearance of 2 ft 6 in ( 76 cm ) .
Varus ' forces included his three legions ( Legio XVII , Legio XVIII , and Legio XIX ) , six cohorts of auxiliary troops ( non-citizens or allied troops ) .
The office of Lord Lieutenant , like the British government in Ireland , was generally unpopular with Irish counselling , though it was supported with varying degrees of enthusiasm by the Irish unionist community .
Because these molecular orbitals involve low-energy d atomic orbitals , they are seen in transition-metal complexes .
Lady Seren originally appears to be an enemy , however , Sir Steele learns that she is in fact an ally , and Sir William mistook her for a witch .
Kim 's placement qualified South Korea two ladies entries for the 2008 World Figure Skating Championships .
In 1700 , Italians were the most technologically advanced throwsters in Europe and had developed two machines capable of winding the silk onto bobbins while putting a twist in the thread .
At the age of three , she sang `` The Greatest Love of All '' at a livestock show .
In 1784 Piccinni became professor at the Royal School of Music , one of the institutions from which the Conservatoire was formed in 1794 .
shattered shattered remnants of units to defend the east bank of the Rhine .
A number of lineages during the Cenozoic became wholly terrestrial predators .
At 22 he founded the alternative weekly magazine The Flint Voice , which soon changed its name to The Michigan Voice as it expanded to cover the entire state .
All objects in the observer 's sky can be thought of as projected upon the inside surface of the celestial sphere , as if it were the underside of a dome or a hemispherical screen .
In 1993 , Gibson contributed lyrics and featured as a guest vocalist on Yellow Magic Orchestra 's Technodon album .
Campaigns in the United States have historically molded public opinion to believe that wildfires are always harmful to nature .
Her parents were scientists whose work took them to different laboratories and universities in Europe .
Sara Lima ( born February 1 , 1978 ) is a Portuguese singer and composer .
It then spread in the early 12th century to France , Germany and Spain and elsewhere .
After his contract with Hanna-Barbera finished up he went to work with former co-worker Fred Seibert on the Oh Yeah !
The expression `` the taste of death '' originated in the idea that death was caused by a drop of gall .
More than 10 million tons of crustaceans are produced by fishery or farming for human consumption .
A version without the prologue followed before the play 's run ended , to be replaced by The Beggar 's Wedding by Charles Coffey .
They met up with each other again on a road safety committee and became working allies restrictions and improve road markings ; cat 's eyes were perhaps the most significant fruit of their labors .
There are two main areas of research fields within the general area of organic synthesis : total synthesis and methodology .
One of New Comedy 's most important contributions was its influence on Roman comedy , an influence that can be seen in the surviving works of Plautus and Terence .
This firm had previously been involved in transporting slaves to North America .
They had met in Venice , and Dürer said that he learned much about the new developments in perspective , anatomy and proportion from him .
In September 2006 , Farage became the UKIP Leader and led the party through the 2009 European Parliament Election .
If the Document does not identify any Invariant Sections then there are none .
A bookmaker , bookie , or turf accountant is an organization or a person that takes bets on sporting and other events at agreed upon odds .
The episode was first shown to the public at the Phoenix Comicon on May 26 , 2013 .
The new emperor was saluted with relief .
Csupó said he was interested in making the movie because he `` had the ambition to do a live-action film for a long time '' .
It is also known as the Linear Band Ware , Linear Ware , Linear Ceramics or Incised Ware culture , and falls within the Danubian I culture of V. Gordon Childe .
The coyotes pile on Ben , but he manages to grab Dag .
The first stage impacted the Atlantic Ocean east of Florida ( 30 ° 12 ′ N 74 ° 19 ′ W \/ 30.200 ° N 74.317 ° W \/ 30.200 ; -74.317 ) , while the S-II second stage impacted south of the Azores ( 31 ° 12 ′ W \/ 31.200 ° N 32.183 ° W \/ 31.200 ; -32.183 ) .
The band 's debut album , Ritchie Blackmore 's Rainbow , was released in 1975 .
By comparison , when Mount St. Helens erupted in 1980 , it released ~ 1.2 km3 ( DRE ) of ejecta .
The name `` ice hockey '' is used in Finland .
Andre Brown , Andre Champagne , Gerry Cheevers , Jack Conlin , Larry Keenan , Sonny Osborne , Brian Walsh .
This is a diverse group including organisms such as the coccidia , gregarines , piroplasms , hemogregarines , and plasmodia .
In December 1915 , Mallory joined the Royal Garrison Artillery , as 2nd lieutenant and in 1916 .
His falling out with Lloyd George played a major part in the downfall of the Liberal Party .
The constitution of the canton dates from 1892 .
The American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers ( ASCAP \/ ˈæskæp \/ ) is an American <unk> organization .
In the struggle , Choate was wounded several times by Gardstein , before being shot five more times by other members of the gang , who also managed to hit Gardstein in the back .
He petitioned there for a degree and was awarded an honorary Master of Arts several months later .
It is a largely ceremonial position with only a minor role in day-to-day politics .
It has been in most Summer Olympic Games and Winter Olympic Games since then .
It stars Toronto St. Michael 's Majors of the Ontario Hockey Association in Eastern Canada .
The Toa traveled to an island far above - the island of Mata Nui , as it would later be named - vowing to return to save the remaining Matoran .
If the pea was left shut it supposedly showed that he had not been paid for the work .
The winds also caused damage to shingles and sides of homes , while the strong waves damaged roads and boats along the Burin Peninsula .
In World War II , acorns were used to make coffee , as were roasted chicory and grain .
Christian views on alcohol come from what the Bible says about it , along with Jewish and Christian traditions .
The small town of Wyndham is on the west arm of Cambridge Gulf , an inlet of Joseph Bonaparte Gulf .
At the time of his death , he had won more Grand Prix races ( 25 ) and achieved more Grand Prix pole positions .
Obligate anaerobes may use fermentation or anaerobic respiration .
In a fragrant sauce for asparagus there is evidence of an early form of hollandaise sauce : `` make a sauce with good fresh butter , a little vinegar , salt , and nutmeg , and an egg yolk to bind the sauce , as well as a section on salads ( 1650 ) .
In 1945 she debuted at a concert hall in Yokohama .
The westernmost Bundesland Vorarlberg with its industrial small towns and villages has the highest share of Muslims in the country .
He was one of the members of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour , and Jeff Foxworthy ( with whom he has starred on Blue Collar TV ) .
There was no race in 1933 nor between 1935 and 1953 .
During the late 1950s , Morath traveled widely , covering stories in Europe , the Middle East , Africa , and Vogue .
It was a mining town from its beginning and the gold mining operation has been the base of its economy .
Recording began on 23 July 1969 , when the Beatles recorded a one-minute , thirty-second master take that was extended via overdubs to two minutes and five seconds .
44,000 jobs are created by the breeding , training and related support of the local equine industry , which generates over $ 2.2 billion in annual revenue .
The IIHF is the body responsible with arranging the sponsorships , license rights , advertising and merchandising in connection with all IIHF competitions .
Most of the population were engaged in farming , dairy farming , or tanning .
She tells him to go and the next day her and Iolaus set off for Alturia .
Gajdusek died December 12 , 2008 in Tromsø , Norway at the age of 85 .
She then worked at the University of Alberta , University of Chicago , and the University of Heidelberg , where she got her habilitation in human genetics .
Warner won two NFL MVP awards in 1999 and 2001 as well as the Super Bowl MVP award in Super Bowl XXXIV .
Important among these invitations was a series of four concerts with Arturo Toscanini 's NBC Symphony Orchestra in 1941 .
The Barossa Valley has a population of about 20,000 , most of whom live in Tanunda , Nuriootpa .
Empoli has an enduring tradition as an agricultural center .
Two pieces of amber may be united by <unk> the surfaces with oil , heating them , and then pressing them together while hot .
They have no venom .
In March 2001 , the city of Sig .
It was the second yearly event to be promoted solely under the Night of Champions name and the ninth annual event under the Vengeance\/Night of Champions chronology .
The seasons run from spring to fall .
The magnetic force produced by a bar magnet , at a given point in space .
The dry pint is equal to one-eighth .
Either way , his drawings were destroyed during the cutting of the block .
NATO is training the Afghan armed forces as well its national police .
Amazed and delighted that she loved him , and was not cold towards him , as he had thought , he asks her to marry him .
Archaeologists believe that the Levantine peoples subsequently developed agriculture between 8000 and 7000 BCE in response to a rise in their population levels which could not be fed by the finite food resources that hunting and gathering could provide .
At Sisler 's suggestion , Robinson spent hours at a batting tee , learning to hit the ball to right field .
Together they began the study of the development of eye pigment in Drosophila which later led to the work on the biochemistry of the fungus Neurospora .
Sarria , realizing he could not now become a certified teacher , began performing in drag .
In 2002-2003 , a much larger eruption threw up a huge column of ash that could easily be seen from space and fell as far away as Libya , 600 km ( 370 mi ) south across the Mediterranean Sea .
V ( 17 January 1504 - 1 May 1572 ) , born Antonio Ghislieri ( from 1518 called Michele Ghislieri , O.P. ) , was Pope from 1566 to his death in 1572 .
When excavations began in 1983 flint tools 500,000 years old were discovered , which at that time was the oldest evidence of humans ever discovered in the UK .
His Chess-Player 's Handbook ( 1847 ) immediately became the leading English-language chess text-book .
Also , albedos were not considered .
<unk> wrote seven string quartets .
TV Tropes , also known as Television Tropes and Idioms , is a wiki that collects and expands on various conventions and devices ( tropes ) found within creative works .
Kakadu National Park is renowned for the richness of its Aboriginal cultural sites .
The cougar is the largest of the small cats .
He has been on So You Think You Can Dance and has had guest appearances on shows like Moises Rules !
Mast cells were first described by Paul Ehrlich in his 1878 doctoral thesis .
The page size changed by this number of new pages m This is a minor change b This edit was performed by a bot D Wikidata change ( ± 123 )
Since the 2009-10 season , the competition has been known as the UEFA Europa League .
Construction and other park changes have eliminated much of this image .
Previously havens for wild animals from elephants to giraffes , and for predators such as lions and cheetahs , the riverbeds are now mostly grazing spots .
This equation is anything larger than sand ( comprising granule , pebble , cobble , and boulder in the table above ) .
Guantánamo Bay ( Spanish : Bahía de Guantánamo ) is a bay located in Guantánamo Province at the southeastern end of Cuba ( 19 ° 54 ′ N 75 ° 9 ′ W \/ 19.900 ° N 75.150 ° W \/ 19.900 ; -75.150 ) .
In 1989 , the band released its first album for a major label , Louder Than Love .
When discussion fails to resolve the problem and when an impartial consensus of editors from outside a disputed page agree ( through requests for comment or similar means ) , further disruption is grounds for blocking action through the dispute resolution process .
He joined the Benedictine order at the age of 14 , and had taken classes in Galicia , León , and Salamanca .
Not only did nimravids exhibit diverse dentition , but they also showed the same diversity in size and morphology as felids .
Emanuel is Chicago 's first Jewish mayor .
She won all eight competitions she entered .
In 1952 , Franquin introduced Peyo to Spirou , a children 's Franco-Belgian comics magazine published by Dupuis .
These stolen nematocysts , called kleptocnidae , wander through the alimentary tract without harming the nudibranch .
In 1994 both districts were merged in order to form a new district , which was called Westerzgebirgskreis and was one year later renamed to the present name ( Aue-Schwarzenberg ) .
The head of state is the king , known as the Yang di-Pertuan Agong .
The lophophore \/ is a characteristic feeding organ possessed by four major groups of animals : the Brachiopoda , Bryozoa , Entoprocta , and Phoronida , which collectively constituted the Lophophorata .
She was born in London , where her parents lived at the time , she was named after the River Aeron .
It was formerly the residence of Joséphine de Beauharnais , and with the Tuileries , was from 1800 to 1802 the headquarters of the French government .
After a process of more than seven years , Calamba became the second component city of the Laguna by virtue of Republic Act No. 9024 , `` An Act Converting the Municipality of Calamba , Province of Laguna into a Component City to be known as the City of Calamba . ''
The last in the UK was Glasgow in 1962 .
The first trailer for 4chan 's video was claimed to be a mirror of the first trailer for 4chan .
Dorothy continued to live with the couple and grew close to Mary .
Phillips Academy was founded in 1778 by Samuel Phillips .
The samurai , he felt , were best able to overcome this through a system of rewards and punishment .
Victor Emanuel died in the Castle of Moncalieri .
During the mating season it is in all kinds of undergrowth , but during the mating season in cool water ( forest pools ) .
As a result , there is a Provincial Visitor Information Centre on the Trans Canada .
The fictional Skarloey Railway , which formed part of the Railway Series of children 's books , was based on the Talyllyn Railway .
He made his first performance at La Scala , Milan with Don Giovanni in November 2006 .
James ordered Brewster 's arrest , and when the king 's agents came to seize the Pilgrim elder , Brewster was forced into hiding just as preparations to depart for America entered the most critical phase .
After the Games , Coubertin and the IOC attacked Greece 's King George and some of the American competitors in Athens , to hold all the following Games in Athens .
Plutarch described the actions of the slaves as an attempt by Roman slaves to escape their masters and flee through Cisalpine Gaul , while Appian and Florus depicted the revolt as a civil war in which the slaves waged a campaign to capture the city of Rome itself .
Many more open air sites are known , such as that at Hengistbury Head .
Infected cells form crown gall or root tumors , respectively .
Most species of moth are nocturnal , but there are also crepuscular and diurnal species .
The Fifer or Young Flautist is a painting by French painter Édouard Manet .
In 1983 , Peña defeated a 14-year incumbent , William H. McNichols , Jr. to become the first Hispanic Mayor of Denver .
It has grown to be a wiki containing more than 30,000 articles as of April 2013 .
In Aubusson and Beauvais ' manufactories large-size tapestries tapestries designed by her were produced .
However , this will not be the first time male contestants have been allowed in the Top Model franchise , as Spain 's Supermodelo 2008 and Bosnia and Herzegovina 's OBN Star Model have previously included male contestants .
Wagner argued in letters to Darwin that the latter had missed a vital geographic component in understanding the evolution of new species .
In 2003 , Metric released their first album , Old World Underground , Where Are You Now ?
On 27 December 2009 , the song `` I ett fönster '' entered Svensktoppen .
FrobozzCo International is a fictional monopolous conglomerate from the game .
Born Hazel Reid in Newport News , Virginia , to Dr. Russell E. and Dr. Hazel Palleman Reid .
Carpenter was the first professional newswoman to be press secretary to a First Lady .
Currently , the only confirmed genus included is the type genus Huayangosaurus of China .
The Nebula Award for Best Short Story is given each year for science fiction or fantasy short stories published in the United States or on the previous calendar year .
It hosted track cycling events in the 2002 Commonwealth Games , the Revolution series and the UCI Track Cycling Championships .
She is probably most famous for her roles as Mama Fratelli in The Goonies and as Mrs. Lift , Danny DeVito 's mother in Throw Momma from the Train .
Many of Rucker 's novels and short stories apply these ideas .
In this year ( the twelfth year of King Asoka 's reign ) the right branch of the Bodhi tree was brought by Sanghamittā to Anurādhapura and placed by Devānāmpiyatissa his left foot in the Mahāmeghavana .
In 1776 , dancers from Michael Maddox and the English theatrical entrepreneur Michael Maddox , to form part of their new theater company .
The McDonnell Douglas MD-80 series was introduced in 1980 .
To honor the fact that he was entering his eightieth year , one of the greatest tributes to a living writer was held .
The farm eventually came into the possession of a Mr. Butters , who gave the name Woodpecker to the apple because the tree was frequented by woodpeckers .
Ortona was of high strategic importance , as it was one of Italy 's few usable deep water ports on the east coast , and was needed for docking allied ships and so shorten Eighth Army 's lines of supply which at the time stretched back to Bari and Taranto .
Putin resigned from the active state security services with the rank of lieutenant colonel on 20 August 1991 against Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev .
The articles having been signed , they were then posted in a prominent place , often the door of the grand cabin .
Keyboardist Don Airey is a member of the band .
From 1966 to 1995 , he collaborated with the Institute for modern history in Ljubljana .
He was nominated for five Dove Awards in 2005 , two of which were for his major label debut album Happy .
In 2011 , he starred in The Son of No One , opposite Channing Tatum and , for the first time in his career , Al Pacino .
She is also active in feminist issues and is involved with charities cancer .
The Gaelic language remains strong in some areas , the landscapes have inspired a variety of artists , and there is a diversity of wildlife .
Restored to Pearl Harbor , Enterprise voyaged to Pearl Harbor , returning to the States with some 1,100 servicemen due for discharge , then sailed on 17 October 1945 .
After releasing three EPs without a hit song , Coldplay sparked their first Top 40 hit with the lead single from Parachutes , `` Shiver '' , released in March 2000 to a number 35 peak position on the UK Singles Chart .
Each zinc finger is made up of anti-parallel beta sheets and an alpha helix , held together by a zinc ion and hydrophobic residues .
Dutch athletes have won 266 medals at the Summer Olympic Games .
In 1980 he was awarded the title of People 's Writer of the Belarusian SSR .
That leaves 16 , 8 ( the Riemann hypothesis ) and 12 unresolved .
Hearst was a leading Democrat who promoted William Jennings Bryan for president in 1896 and 1900 .
Everland is South Korea 's biggest theme park .
Alpha and beta in turn came from the first two letters of the Phoenician alphabet and originally meant ox and house .
Italian prosecutors charged six people with manslaughter in connection with Senna 's death , all of whom were later acquitted .
In 2004 , McHale began hosting The Soup , a satirical weekly television show on the `` E ! ''
The Royal Albert Hall is a concert hall on the northern edge of South Kensington .
It is mainly resident , but some northernmost populations migrate further south .
The center is a close-up picture of guitarist Kim Thayil 's face .
After the adults come out of winter dormancy migrate to their spawning pools .
Charlotte returned alone to Brussels in January 1843 to take up a teaching post at the school .
David Unaipon ( born 28 September 1872 ; died London 7 February 1967 ) was a well-known Australian of the Ngarrindjeri people .
It was directed by Olivier and starring Peter O'Toole .
Its capital , Managua , is the third-largest city in Central America .
Paralysis of muscles involved in swallowing and respiration can be fatal .
Myriad toppings are used on pizzas , including , but not limited to : Neapolitan pizza ( pizza napoletana ) is sometimes made with tomatoes and Mozzarella cheese .
He was buried in an unmarked grave in Coles Hill Burial Ground , Plymouth .
In 1974 , Castro was elected governor .
In 1968 , the first ice core to fully penetrate the Antarctic Ice Sheet was drilled here .
Aznavour 's voice is shaded towards the tenor range , but possesses the low range and coloration more typical of a baritone , contributing to his unique sound .
It is possible that Incisivosaurus is the same species as Protarchaeopteryx , though more fossil specimens are needed before the two can be directly compared .
Throughout the Jewish history , Judaism survived many schisms .
A vigorous upper trough was deepening offshore Baja California , and Roslyn began to re-curve within a few hundred miles of Manzanillo .
The company was founded on January 25 , 1964 as Blue Bowerman and Phil Knight .
Testimony was given both by Nazis and by British prisoners of war about the development of an industrial process for producing soap from human bodies , the production of such soap on a small-scale basis , and the actual use of this soap by Nazi personnel at the Danzig Anatomic Institute .
Bruce Lee ( 27 November 1940 - 20 July 1973 ) was a Hong Kong American martial artist .
In 1988 , Davis became music director at Glyndebourne , where he met the American soprano Gianna Rolandi , who became his third wife .
The number chosen is often dependent on the type of road , with numbers differentiating between interstates , motorways , arterial thoroughfares , two-lane roads , and so forth .
He played matches for the World Chess Championship twice against Alekhine , losing 15.5-9 .5 in 1929 , and 15.5-10 .5 in 1934 .
Works by these firms were covered in a 1982 study and many of the buildings were immediately or later listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Sarrazin was born in Gera , Germany .
Twelve hours later , it strengthened into Tropical Storm Georgette before weakening to a depression on August 4 .
On November 2 , 1921 , Dandurand and his partners , Joseph Cattarinich and Louis Letourneau , purchased the Montreal Canadiens hockey club from the widow of George Kennedy for $ 11,000 .
Boris Abramovich Gelfand ( Belarusian : Барыс Абрамавіч Гельфанд ; born 24 June 1968 ) is an Israeli chess Grandmaster .
Alexander broke the power of Persia in a series of battles , most notably the battles of Issus and Gaugamela .
Their beak-like jaws are white .
Scottsdale is mountains .
He was named Supreme Chief of the Republic and was later named Constitutional President .
Her parents were concerned for the welfare and education of their children in such an isolated location as Granite Downs where there was no school , and at an early age the children were taken by their parents to the United Aborigines in Oodnadatta run by the Baptist Church .
It may have weighed around 210-350 kilograms ( 463-772 lb ) .
The Americans had already launched their carrier aircraft against the Japanese .
With the support of running back Marshall Faulk and wide receivers Isaac Bruce , Torry Holt , Az-Zahir Hakim , and Ricky Proehl , Torry Holt , Az-Zahir Hakim , and Ricky Proehl , Warner put together one of the top seasons by a quarterback in NFL history .
Chapman 's body was discovered at about 6 a.m. on Saturday 8 September 1888 near a doorway in the back yard of 29 Hanbury Street , Spitalfields .
The genetic information transferred is often beneficial to the recipient .
He is known for his starring roles in several popular movies , including the Toy Story movie series ( as the voice of Buzz Lightyear ) , The Santa Clause movie series , and Galaxy Quest .
In 2001 Excel has made three studio albums .
sexual addiction really exists .
Kim was listed under the Highest IQ .
John Clute wrote in The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction : `` His influence upon writers like Harlan Ellison and Samuel R. Delany was seminal , and in his life and work he was a powerful and generally liberating influence in post-WWII US sf '' .
While still serving his sentence , Khodorkovsky and his business partner Platon Lebedev were further charged and found guilty of embezzlement and money laundering in December 2010 .
The aria is written in D-flat major with time signatures of 3\/4 for the verse and common time ( 4\/4 ) for the refrain ( `` Ah !
The earliest Hilbert spaces were studied in the first decade of the 20th century by David Hilbert , Erhard Schmidt , Frigyes and Frigyes Riesz .
The monotremes are the only group of mammals to do .
In the Qing Dynasty , Sagwa has fun in her day-to-day life while learning and teaching valuable life lessons .
The regional term is defined to refer to the more-or-less continuously urbanized area stretching from Ventura County to the southern border of Orange County and from the Pacific Ocean to the Coachella Valley in the Inland Empire .
They won the World Series MVP team in the World Series .
The endosymbionts occurs in a specialised structure known as the bacteriome .
Rodolfo wakes up and comes out looking for Marcello .
In spite of its name , the garden dormouse 's main habitat is the forest , though it can also be found in fruit-growing regions .
Novaya Zemlya separates the Kara Sea from the Barents Sea .
This was used to first test the manned capability .
There he was crucified along with two criminals ( John 19:17 -22 ) .
from the University of Cambridge .
The instrumental jam was a effort , with Gilmour overseeing the time change as well as his own guitar and vocal work , and Richard Wright and Nick Mason improvising their own parts .
Guadalupe `` Lupe '' Ontiveros ( September 17 , 1942 - July 26 , 2012 ) was an American actress .
He also performed the opening theme for the television series Jennifer Slept Here .
She landed a role in the soap opera Dulce Ana .
Tar made from coal or petroleum because of its high benzene content , though coal tar in low concentrations is used as a topical medicine .
While she was sipping a cup , she dropped a cocoon into the steaming water .
It was reported that Jordan was circumcised .
They also clean the tire of any debris and lay down a layer of rubber by the starting line for better traction .
Major islands include : Western section : North eastern section : A number of oil and gas fields exist in the eastern portion of Bass Strait , in what is known as the Gippsland Basin .
The Lymington Branch Line is a railway that runs from Brockenhurst to Lymington Pier , both in the New Forest .
The median income for a household in the city was $ 39,375 , and the median income for a family was $ 48,250 .
Howard also became the second sitting Australian Prime minister to lose his own seat .
, though sometimes they would say `` and this is I 've Got a Secret ! ''
In modern Greece , they are still used for ordinal numbers .
The site chosen was a flat area on the floor of a low valley between the Caelian , Esquiline and Palatine Hills , through which a canalised stream ran .
Orlando Jonathan Blanchard Bloom ( born 13 January 1977 ) is an English actor .
Downstream at Gayndah , the river peaked at 16.1 metres ( 53 ft ) with floodwaters reaching two houses .
But their cephalopods can not afford to expend energy in protracted flight .
In these applications , an important goal is often the recovery of information encoded ( or modulated ) onto the AC signal .
She slowly gains more trust , but the Romanov family is very resistant to believe her tale and publicly denounces her as an impostor .
The volcano is located in the Cascade Range and is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc , a segment of the Pacific Ring of Fire that includes over 160 volcanoes .
For example , consider the following options :
, Bop It Smash !
During the 1999-00 season , Peterson spent the entire campaign with the Admirals , the Predators ' IHL affiliate , scoring 32 points in the regular season and five in the playoffs .
Olivier was charged with one murder and for helping him with a further six .
While crossing the western Caroline Islands , Mike proved to be quite destructive .
`` 10538 Overture '' became a UK top-ten hit .
Irina Slutskaya has been credited as the first person to have ever performed a Biellmann spin .
Common toppings include sambal , dried fish , and tempeh .
Its central alliance office is currently based in New York City , New York , in the United States .
The album peaked at number 14 on the US Billboard 200 chart .
It was the first international Olympic Games held in the Modern era .
Smith made his major league debut on September 8 , 1987 with the Atlanta Braves at age 21 .
Pompey gave Sophene to Tigranes , after defeating his father Tigranes the Great .
Herbert then used his prisoner as an advantage in pressing his own ambitions , using the threat of releasing the king up until Charles ' death in 929 .
It includes three sub-domains : the Hasunoike , Ogi and Kashima Domains .
A retired Circuit Court judge ( W. A. Murphy ) showed that some members of the force had committed perjury in criminal trials before him .
Additional shared features include spiracles and , in sturgeons , a heterocercal tail ( the vertebrae extend into the larger lobe of the caudal fin ) .
Neptune 's magnetosphere was studied by Voyager 2 .
Following the seasons , Zbikowski earned Third-Team Associated Press All-America honors .
French geographer Onésime Reclus , brother of Élisée Reclus coined the word Francophonie in 1880 to refer to the community of people and countries using the French language .
This was the final season that ABC and ESPN televised NHL games .
The porcelain factory was started in Fulda , Connecticut .
In 1996 , Welk was ranked # 43 on TV Guide 's 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time .
John R. `` Johnny '' Cash ( February 26 , 1932 - September 12 , 2003 ) was a singer-songwriter , actor , and author .
The Romans managed to set up a fortified night camp , and the next morning broke out into the open country north of the Wiehen Hills , near the modern town of Ostercappeln .
Having won everything on the junior level , Asada moved to the senior level for the 2005-2006 season .
It was never possible to extract all the corpses from the foibe , some of which are deeper than several hundred meters .
No certain dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign .
The band released one studio album with Bolin , Come Taste the Band in 1975 .
Since the caterpillars are cannibalistic , females lay their eggs singly on pawpaw leaves or on the tree trunks .
Though these lands were lower than the peat fens before the peat shrinkage began , the more stable silt soils were reclaimed by medieval farmers and embanked against any floods coming down from the peat areas or from the sea .
The city of Martinsburg was incorporated by an act of the West Virginia Legislature on March 30 , 1868 .
Nova Scotia at this time was a swamp , similar to today 's Everglades in Florida .
<unk> in 12th-century France and lasting into the 16th century , Gothic architecture was known during the period as Opus Francigenum ( `` French work '' ) with the term Gothic first appearing during the latter part of the Renaissance .
The Soviet invasion of Poland was a Soviet operation that started without a formal declaration of war on September 17 .
Note : GP = Games played , G = Goals , A = Assists , PTS = Points , PIM = Penalties in minutes Source : NHL .
He conducted the 2005 opening night at La Scala , Milan in Idomeneo , and Riccardo Muti earlier .
To save ink and decrease drying times , a fourth pigment , black , is often used in addition to cyan , magenta , and yellow .
The cloud has then become a planetary nebula .
He took off his cap , wrapped his coat around his rifle , exclaimed , `` Ah shit , '' and then committed suicide by shooting himself in the head .
Before you make an unblock request , you should attentively read the policies and guidelines named in your block reason .
A immune function is a risk factor for disease .
It are the applied arts , fashion design , interior design and decorative art .
Furthermore , Hilbert spaces are complete : there are enough limits in the space to allow the techniques of calculus to be used .
The spiritual sequel can be appreciated by fresh eyes .
This discovery led Dalrymple to publish the Historical Collection of the Several Voyages and Discoveries in the South Pacific Ocean in 1770-1771 , which aroused widespread interest in his claim of the existence of an unknown continent .
In the event the electron absorbs a quantity of energy less than the binding energy , it will transition to an excited state .
Partial skeletons of nine individuals have been recovered , including one complete cranium ( skull ) .
In 1970 , he became Kapellmeister of the Gewandhausorchester Leipzig , serving in that post until 1996 .
Despite this , the weapon is more commonly known as the `` English longbow '' than the `` Welsh longbow '' .
Dissociative identity disorder ( DID ) is a mental disorder .
In 2004 , he appeared in five films , including Wes Anderson 's quirky comedy The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou ; the British gangster flick Layer Cake ; theatrical drama Being Julia ; and CGI action fantasy Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow .
The port of the mosque measures 27 m ( 89 ft ) high , crowned with two minarets 42 m ( 138 ft ) tall .
In comparison to earlier proboscids , Gomphotherium had far fewer molars to expand their grinding surface .
These include IBM Lotus Sametime , Microsoft Office Communications Server , IBM Lotus and Cisco Unified Presence .
He grew up in Greenwich Village .
SOURCE : US Census Bureau , 2004 Household income as well as per capita income in the United States rise significantly as the educational attainment increases .
The Captain Wai landed at Red Beach paddies .
Botvinnik wrote that he did not make this mistake again .
They made Tod Browning 's Dracula career starring Bela Lugosi .
Younger people are turning to electronic text on computers .
Her most famous role was that of Lady Macbeth 's murderous passions of <unk> .
The West End is currently a hotbed of development , with hundreds of new luxury condominiums either under construction or in the planning phase .
In 1906 , after the diminution of the whaling and fur trade , Sitka , the original capital of Alaska , declined , the original capital of government was moved to Juneau .
The size of the eyes and the sclerotic rings suggests that Ophthalmosaurus hunted at a depth where there is not much light or that it may have hunted at night when a prey species was more active .
I have a name and a good name .
Morocco also boycotted the 1976 Games , withdrawing after having initially sent a delegation .
Within the span of one year his father , two brothers , and uncle were all murdered in the city , a tragedy that Burnside would later draw upon in his work , particularly in his interpretation of Skip James 's `` Hard Time Killing Floor '' and the talking blues `` R.L. 's Story '' , the opening and closing tracks on Burnside 's 2000 album Down Down .
Gesta Normannorum Ducum thought King Cnut sent envoys to Duke Robert offering to settle half the Kingdom of England on Edward and Alfred .
He is noted for his military success and for restoring royal authority after the disastrous reign of his father , Edward II .
He studied law in Munich .
In 1770 , Port-au-Prince replaced Cap-Français .
The tunnels took $ 6.9 million .
The circus often performed abroad and reached world fame .
Princess Alice , Countess of Athlone , VA , GCStJ , GCVO , GBE ( <unk> , <unk> Augusta Pauline ; née Princess Alice of Albany ; 25 February 1883 - 3 January 1981 ) was a member of the British Royal Family .
The summers are usually very hot with the temperature in August reaching up to 40 ° C ( 104 ° F ) .
In his southern expansion Arnulf inevitably had conflict with the Normans , who were trying to secure their northern frontier .
The Division of Lalor ( \/ ˈlɔːlər \/ , locally ( ˈloːlə ) ) is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria .
His partner was the Portuguese driver , Tiago Monteiro .
<unk> changes in the political situation of the rest of India due to incursions of Muslim armies from the northwest marked a turning point in the History of Tamil Nadu .
It was the first Spanish team to race in Formula One .
During the World Championships in Tokyo , Japan won the short program with 71.95 points .
Giuliano 's writings have also included lighter topics .
KCPQ , United States that serves as the Fox affiliate for the Seattle-Tacoma television market .
An anecdote about Wright , disclaimed by Wright himself , describes a lecture during which Wright tucked an unruly guinea pig under his armpit , where he usually held a chalkboard eraser : according to the anecdote , at the conclusion of the lecture , Wright absent-mindedly began to erase the blackboard using the guinea pig .
Kidston 's uncle is the former chairman of Christie 's Charles Henry Allsopp , 6th Baron Hindlip and his daughters .
Though Krazy Kat was only a modest success during its initial run , many modern cartoonists have cited the strip as a major influence .
Founded by Brewster Kahle in 1996 , the Archive is a 501 ( c ) non-profit operating in the United States .
It is the North American licensee of Pac-Man .
Cruithne was discovered on October 10 , 1986 , by Duncan Waldron on a photographic plate taken with the UK Schmidt Telescope at Siding Spring Observatory , Coonabarabran , Australia .
So if you pay attention to Shrek when he talks his jaw , because we have the fat and the muscles underneath .
In addition over 420 square kilometers ( 103 thousand acres ) of various crops , including sugarcane , corn and bananas .
It was also more advanced than the early sauropsids , having strong jaws that could open wider than those of the early reptiles .
Hunt returned the next year to win the second Japanese Grand Prix .
The same authority is extended under international law over the Apostolic Nunciature of the Holy See in a foreign country .
Stack got a grade of `` A + '' and lauded it as `` one of the most memorable and energetic Glee performances ever , thanks in no small part to Paltrow '' .
Gagra ( Georgian : გაგრა ) is a town in Abkhazia , sprawling for 5 km on the northeast coast of the Black Sea .
Several lines of evidence also suggest that a rapid cosmic inflation of the garrotte occurred very early in its history ( roughly 10 − 35 seconds after its creation ) .
In this habitat seaweeds must withstand rapidly changing temperature and salinity and even occasional drying .
This was destroyed by bombing in 1944 .
The species as a whole was then called domestic fowl , or just fowl .
Pearl-shelling was responsible for the arrival of experienced divers from many countries , notably Japan .
Victor Hugo 's death from pneumonia on 22 May 1885 , at the age of 83 , generated intense national mourning .
If the stressful conditions persist , the polyp eventually dies .
On July 7 , 1804 , he married Mary Lee Fitzhugh .
There are two exceptions that were named before the convention was put in place , the Greek-themed 617 Patroclus and the Trojan-themed 624 Hektor , which were assigned to the wrong sides .
His short reign atop the chess world made him one of the two so-called `` winter kings '' who interrupted Botvinnik 's long reign from 1948 to 1963 ( the other was Smyslov , world champion 1957-58 ) .
The fourth single from the album , `` He Was n't '' , reached top 40 positions in the UK and Australia and was not released in the Lavigne won two World Music Awards .
When atomic orbitals interact , the resulting molecular orbital can be of three types : bonding , antibonding , or nonbonding .
Because of this , Cruithne and Earth appear to `` follow '' each other in their paths around the Sun .
As a consequence of this the entry from Hangar Straight into Stowe Corner was modified in 1995 so as to make its entry less dangerous and , as a result , less challenging , and the flat-out Abbey kink was modified to a chicane in just 19 days before the 1994 GP .
From 1949 to 1952 , he drew Poussy , a stop comic about a cat .
By the end of the month , 83 of the 628 hospitalized military victims had died .
The islands of the Torres Strait have been there .
Beginning in 1967 she worked as a war correspondent covering Vietnam , the Indo-Pakistani War , the Middle East , and in South America .
Pauline was soon replaced by a new damsel in distress , Princess Peach , in Super Mario Bros. .
Phenol-also acid-is an aromatic organic compound with the molecular formula C6H5OH .
His first records were made for the Yankee and Joliet labels operated by Fred Wolf .
In the evening , the heavy snow ended in New York City , and ended in Boston the morning of February 18 .
Pope Urban VI ( Latin : Urbanus Quartus ) , was Pope from 8 April 1378 to his death in 1389 .
In 2010 , the show won a Golden Globe Award for `` Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy '' .
In 1922 , James Dole , the president of Hawaiian Pineapple Company ( later renamed Dole Food Company ) bought the island .
The village was first documented in a 1264 deed issued by Margrave Otto III of Brandenburg .
They held the fief of Lavagna under the Holy Roman Emperors .
Until World War II the observatory lives in solar and atmospheric observations .
The balance of those arrested were imprisoned at Frongoch internment camp in Wales .
On the day of his birth he was baptised at the parish church of Santa Comba with his maternal aunt and uncle , Pilara and Francisco Castelao , as godparents He spent his childhood and adolescence in Santa Rosa de Toay , Argentina .
Larry Doby ( who broke the color barrier in the American League on July 5 , 1947 , just 11 weeks after Robinson ) and Satchel Paige played for the Cleveland Indians , and the Dodgers had three other black players besides Robinson .
After his father 's death in 1950 , Saarinen founded his own architect 's office , `` Eero Saarinen and Associates '' .
He resigned in January 1982 .
Thus most of the bottom-up approaches to nanotechnology are based on supramolecular chemistry .
This land was annexed into the city limits in the 1950s to assure the massive tax revenues associated with the airport were part of the city .
It has a range of 10,500 km ( 5,700 nmi ) .
Keble College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford .
Hurricane Iniki was the costliest hurricane to strike the state of Hawaiʻi .
The Pavilion was built as an open-air facility under the roof .
This was prior to the arrival of White people in the area ; the family had their first contact with Western civilisation in the 1920s , when Minyintiri was still a child .
On April 7 he defeated Tanahashi to win the IWGP Heavyweight Championship for the second time .
<unk> Cells performing respiration synthesize much more ATP , but not as part of glycolysis .
It earned more than $ 300 million .
Oat flies occur first manufactured in Britain , where the first oat bread factory was built .
It contains the world 's oldest working clock ( from 1386 ) and has the best surviving of the four original copies of Magna Carta .
While the Commodore release did not get any airplay , the controversial song sold well , though Gabler attributed that mostly to the record 's other side , `` Fine and Mellow '' , which was a jukebox hit .
Other important receiving countries , such as Australia , Arab states of the Persian Gulf , India and South Africa have not ratified the Convention .
They owned many coal mines , pits and other companies in Springside and other places .
Puerto Rican singer Ana recorded the song for her album Amor Latino .
3FS can fly in 3FS HQ .
These bore the initials B.I.C.R. .
Major hits like `` You Send Me '' , `` A Change Is Gonna Come '' , `` Cupid '' , `` Chain Gang '' , `` Wonderful World '' , and `` Twistin ' the Night Away '' are some of his most popular songs .
The University of established a UWA Albany Centre in 1999 to meet rural education needs .
Unopposed in both the primary and general elections in 2004 , Fenty was reelected for a second term .
At first , trains were delivered to Ruislip Depot on the Piccadilly Line .
The prize was ten guineas .
The Grammy Award is a Grammy Awards .
This yields more goods , e.g. a factory which produces automobiles just as an apple tree produces apples .
In air raids the crew and cast had to dodge into bomb shelters .
Instant messaging may be done in a <unk> network .
Many of the words in the poem are playful nonce words of Carroll 's own invention .
This is created by the difference in the Egypt-Sudan border between the `` political boundary '' set in 1899 by the Anglo-Egyptian Condominium , which runs along the 22nd parallel north .
This investigation began amongst the antiquarians of the 18th century , intensified in the 19th when John Lubbock coined the term `` Neolithic '' .
Nicollette Sheridan is an English television and film actress , known for playing Edie Britt on the ABC dramedy series Desperate Housewives ( 2004-2009 ) and as Paige Matheson of the CBS primetime soap opera Knots Landing ( 1986-1993 ) .
Cossacks are a group of East Slavic people who became known as members of East Slavic people .
Despite the bankruptcy of Sabena in 2001 , the flying school continued in operation .
In 1991 , a referendum held in the NKAO and the neighbouring Shahumian region resulted in a declaration of independence .
The monument had weathered so badly in the granite had worn away .
In Middle Ages , when the order of the liturgical feasts was partly determined by the date of Easter , the custom was early established in the Western Church of drawing up tables to indicate that date for a certain number of years or even centuries .
The name refers to the Scriblerus Club , a satirical group whose members included Alexander Pope , Jonathan Swift , and John Arbuthnot .
When the National Assembly is dissolved he continues in his office , till a new Speaker is elected These are the names of Speakers and presidents of Pakistan .
Joe Principe began his career at age 15 , learning to play by ear Threat , Minor Threat , Minor Threat , Bad Brains , the Descendents and other like minded bands .
In 1940 , the Commonwealth authorized the creation of a dictionary and grammar book for the language .
A major slogan of the demonstrators in the Arab world has been Ash-sha ` b yurid isqat an-nizam ( `` the people want to bring down the regime '' ) .
In 2007 the type species Gigantoraptor erlianensis was named and described by Xu , Tan Qingwei , Wang Jianmin , Zhao Xijin and Tan Lin .
For example :
The House of Representatives is elected on a basis which reflects the different part of the States .
The Centro Cultural Agustín Ross ( Spanish for Agustín Ross Cultural Center ) , formerly known as the Casino Ross ( Ross Casino ) , is the cultural center of the city of Pichilemu in Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region , Chile .
It allows the handle to transmit the vibration to a resonator , which amplifies the sound of the fork .
The process of gaining or losing electrons from a neutral atom or molecule is called ionization .
The Samaritan Pentateuch , sometimes called Samaritan Torah , ( Hebrew : תורה שומרונית torah shomroniyt ) is a version of the Hebrew language Pentateuch .
Together with the Congo River , it provides an important transport artery for river boats between Bangui and Brazzaville .
Until the mid-19th century , the term `` Crown Colony '' was used to refer to those colonies that had been acquired through wars , such as Trinidad and Tobago and British Guiana .
In 2004 , Harvey was also working on her sixth studio album , Uh Huh Her .
Weight training is a kind of strength .
The L118 light gun is a 105 mm towed howitzer .
He was also one of the most likeable of chess masters and became an `` elder statesman '' of the game , to whom others turned for advice or arbitration .
Amnesty International .
The openings left the inner cranium covered only by the jaw muscles .
The optical band gap ( see below ) determines what portion of the solar spectrum a photovoltaic cell absorbs .
However , eye contact is a form of nonverbal communication and is thought to have a large influence on social behavior .
Robert Lee `` R. L. '' Burnside ( November 23 , 1926 - September 1 , 2005 ) was an American blues singer and songwriter .
In physics , the kinetic energy of an object is the energy which has due to its motion .
In this notation the DA reaction and the dipolar reaction both become a ( 4 +2 ) cycloaddition .
He returned to the Senate on October 10 , 1815 .
Eagles and bats and certain monkeys are around this layer .
Countries in Oceania may have a Pacific coast anywhere , including their entire border anywhere ,
Michael Trent Reznor ( born May 17 , 1965 ) is an American singer-songwriter , composer , and record producer .
<unk> selection refers to a number of selective processes by which multiple alleles ( different versions of a gene ) are actively maintained in the gene pool of a population at frequencies above that of gene mutation .
At first , Ford was elected mayor in the 2010 mayoral election on a platform of reducing the `` gravy train '' of government expenses and taxes , and he took office in December 2010 .
She said the Sandy character was very similar to her sheltered childhood , growing up in New Zealand with many protective older brothers .
He is best known as the Emmy Award winning host of the U.S. version Survivor .
Mulhacén is the highest mountain in continental Spain .
But Barry had taken it off him to learn his first chords .
Mesosaurus ( meaning `` middle lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of reptile .
After the death of the Marquis of Montesson in 1769 , Louis Philippe tried to obtain Louis XV 's authorisation to marry the young widow .
The Keel-billed Toucan is mainly black with a yellow neck and chest .
In April 2010 , Monteith was cast in the romantic comedy movie Monte Carlo .
In France the eastern end is often polygonal .
He was awarded by the Stalin Prize ( 1949 ) and State Prize of Armenia ( 1970 ) , People 's Artist of the USSR ( 1970 ) and Armenian SSR ( 1964 ) .
At his death , the title was not passed on , because of the lack of legitimate descendants .
He crashed in stages one and two .
The most noted was Briand , with whom he shared the Peace Prize .
The galaxy was a normal spiral galaxy before it apparently underwent a head-on collision with a smaller companion .
Eventually , a completed reformed Edmund Pevensie is crowned to the Great Western Wood by Aslan as King Edmund the Just , co-ruler of Narnia with Queen Lucy , Queen Susan and High King Peter , and is knighted as Duke of Lantern Waste , Count of the Western March , and Knight of the Noble Order of the Table .
There were 102 passengers and 30-40 crew .
In addition , whereas Allied commanders at sea had discretion to act on their own initiatve , the actions of Italian commanders were closely and precisely governed by Italian Naval Headquarters ( Supermarina ) .
In 1999 , on the resignation of Paddy Ashdown , Kennedy was elected party leader .
<unk> 's albums are produced by Jori Sjöroos who also wrote the music for all the songs .
As guidance , none of the following are `` creative expression '' requiring attribution , for Wikipedia purposes : Quotes from external sources do not need to be attributed to the original Wikipedia contributor , although any text surrounding them would be , and the original source must still be cited .
He is famous for his role as Darth Sidious\/Emperor Palpatine in the Star Wars film series .
The insurance payments include the cost of evacuating people .
A decision is entirely a personal or cultural preference .
She then worked for the American Meteorological Society for 20 years .
Late on August 3 , deep convection developed over the center of circulation again , though persistent vertical shear weakened Chris to a tropical depression on August 4 .
In <unk> , the Battle of Hunayn took place at Hunayn .
It is a small phylum of poorly known parasites of marine invertebrates which are among the simplest of multi-cellular organisms .
Some processors also include vector capability .
In 1950 he again became the first star to entertain GIs on active service in the Korean War .
On June 11 , Hamlin scored his first career Cup Series win at the Pocono 500 .
In the space above there was probably a monstrance displaying a host .
They answer Bethlehem , birthplace of King David , and quote the prophet Micah .
But she is shot by a shadowy figure , who is then chased by the mysterious man .
Sales were apparently lower when photos of hip hop artists appeared on the front and this led to the paper suffering as the lack of direction became even more apparent to readers .
Before the widespread availability of photography , the facial features of unidentified bodies were sometimes preserved by creating death masks so that relatives of the dead could recognize them if they were seeking a missing person .
The monastery was later moved to the location of the modern town Reinbek .
That ` young man ' turned out to be Bob Dylan . ''
These include pop punk , rap rock , and rap metal .
It has also became a sing-along number at various British clubs , pubs and sporting events ; the song is not played during home games at English Championship club Watford .
After defeating Triple H in a 3 Stages of Hell match at The Bash , Orton was without a contender for the championship , so on the June 29 episode of Raw , it was announced by the special guest host of the week , as well as onscreen matchmaker , Batista , that the title would be defended at Night of Champions against the winner of a single-elimination tournament .
Mariss Jansons succeeded Maazel as the PSO of the orchestra .
These works provided for the Way , which was divided by rites ( rei 礼 ) and music ( gaku 楽 ) .
Parnassus was also the home of Pegasus , the winged horse of Bellerophon .
The earliest known mention of the ruins was in 1531 by Vicente Pegado , captain of the Portuguese garrison of Sofala , who recorded it as Symbaoe .
In the aftermath of the Russian Revolution , Belarus declared independence as the Belarusian People 's Republic , succeeded by the Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia , which became a founding constituent republic of the Soviet Union and was renamed as the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic ( BSSR ) .
They are called false vampires .
Israel finished quickly on January 21 .
On October 23 , 2007 , the network renewed the series through 2008 .
At the same time , however , the so-called bunyip skull was put on display in the Australian Museum ( Sydney ) for two days .
In England , in the Anglo-Saxon period , Shires were established as areas used for the raising of taxes , and usually had a fortified town at their center .
Based on reports from the Hurricane Hunters , Floyd briefly got hurricane on October 12 .
Its <unk> period of over 846 Earth days is among the largest of any body in the Solar System .
They have become an example of stop motion clay animation and an influential cultural icon .
Mamie Doud Doud Eisenhower ( November 14 , 1896 - November 1 , 1979 ) was the wife of United States President Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Earlier versions of `` Tears to Forget '' appeared on the band 's 1985 demo tape and on the 1986 Deep Six compilation album , which featured some of the first recordings by the earliest Seattle grunge bands , including Soundgarden .
Barium hydroxide was a chemical compound .
Robinson was aghast : `` Are you looking for a Negro who is afraid to fight back ? ''
It boasts the support of several former world leaders including Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter . ''
During this period he probably wrote his mass based on L'homme armé , as well as the chanson on the same song ; the latter composition may have been inspired by Philip the Good 's call for a new crusade against the Turks , who had recently captured Constantinople .
Also , one tonne has a mass of 1000 kg .
For example , leet spellings of the word leet include 1337 and l33t .
Not wearing underpants under outer clothing is known in American slang as freeballing for men and as going commando for either sex .
He married Anne Selph in 1960 .
The eastbound tunnel was formed on October 31 , 2008 .
It is now one of the 88 constellations defined by the International Astronomical Union .
Some countries ask for proof of health status , especially for long-term visas ; some countries deny such visas to persons with certain illnesses , such as AIDS .
However , when the armies of Oswiu and Penda met on 15 November at the Battle of the Winwaed , Œthelwald withdrew his forces .
The couple produced two children : son Pierre ( born 1867 ) and daughter Jeanne ( 1869 ) .
Camozzi 's scheduled opponent Rafael Natal is Rafael Natal .
Paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy .
This made the theriodonts the most successful group of synapsids .
However , when the sarcophagus was complete , Hatshepsut decided to commission an entirely new sarcophagus for herself while she donated the existing finished sarcophagus to restoring the surface of the quartzite so that it could be re-carved with the name and titles of Tuthmose I instead .
Parvati counterpart is called Lakshmi , with Parvati being the female shakti of Shiva .
It is now led by his son , Ilham Aliyev , who succeeded his father as the party leader and as President of Azerbaijan since 2003 .
<unk> trigonometric functions are found by reversing the process .
A company specializing in recovering lost data from computer drives managed to recover all the data on the drive .
In his 1871 Scribner 's account of the expedition , Nathaniel P. Langford wrote :
The 2011 Virginia Earthquake occurred on August 23 , 2011 , at 1:51 pm EDT .
They released a live album called The Final Riot !
Acid <unk> is called an acid .
The website is searchable by keyword and consists of approximately 6,800 articles , each of which is associated with one of 62 clinical subspecialty textbooks .
She was CEO of Feeding America and is leading Opportunity International since 2012 .
The zeppelin Hindenburg that was destroyed by fire in 1937 was named in his honor , as was the Hindenburgdamm , a causeway joining the island of Sylt to mainland Schleswig-Holstein that was built during his time in office .
The movie starred Carlo Maria Giulini , Georg Solti , Leopold Stokowski , Rudolf Kempe , Pierre Boulez and Bernard Haitink .
During this period , her mother arranged for her older brother Jack to accompany her to a tea-dance .
The team began as a collaboration between Adrián Campos of Campos Racing and Enrique Rodríguez of Meta Image , under the name of Campos Meta .
It reached number 43 on the Billboard 200 and spent approximately two weeks on the chart .
In a reaction coordinate , the transition state with the highest energy is the rate-determining step of a given reaction .
Most of the English earls supported Edward , who supported Edward , who succeeded to the throne .
English Gothic is the name of the architectural style that flourished in England from about 1180 until about 1520 .
Between 2000-2009 , strong evidence for stellar mass black hole was discovered in an M 49 cluster .
Betty bravely proclaims herself as an unmarried mother to protect her sickly roommate Molly ( Priscilla Bonner ) from having her baby taken away by a couple of meddling welfare workers .
ʻIolani Palace features architecture seen nowhere else in the world .
She found eight comets , eleven nebulae and , at her brother 's suggestion , updated and corrected Flamsteed 's work detailing the position of stars .
Glasgow Prestwick Airport ( Scottish Gaelic : Port-adhair Ghlaschu Phreastabhaig ) ( IATA : PIK , ICAO : EGPK ) is Glasgow 's second airport , 1 NM ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) Northeast of the town of Prestwick in South Ayrshire and 32 mi from the city center of Glasgow .
Mitch vows to leave town with her as soon as she 's well enough to travel .
The snails within this family are sophisticated predatory animals .
Nevertheless , he won the two events in which he swam , the 100 and 1200 meter freestyle .
More details see http:\/\/www.bach-cantatas.com\/Ref\/IndexRef-BC.htm Ordering the complete list of Bach 's songs or by publication date were both out of the question : Bach did not use opus numbers .
Likewise , `` architecture '' refers not only to the design of safe , functional buildings , but also to elements of creation and innovation which aim at elegant solutions to construction problems , to the use of space , and to the attempt to evoke an emotional response in the builders , owners , viewers and users of the building .
That band broke up in 2002 , and he joined with Selena 's brother A.B. in the Kumbia All Starz .
The cyclic variation of the number of sunspots was first observed by Heinrich Schwabe between 1826 and 1843 and led Wolf to make systematic observations starting in 1848 .
In 1997 , Fischer was awarded the `` Prix d'Espoir '' by the Foundation of European Industry .
As the river is the border between Zimbabwe and Zambia , the bridge links the two countries and has border posts on the approaches to both ends , at the towns of Victoria Falls , Zimbabwe .
During 1842 his father brought home a `` great piece of news '' : the young Lubbock said later that he initially thought that the news might be of a new pony , and was disappointed to learn it was only that Charles Darwin was moving to Down House in the village .
That was also Romania 's most successful Olympic Games : they won 20 gold medals and 53 medals total .
Judy Garland plays a superstar singer named Jenny Bowman .
There are many theories as to how the name Marie came to be associated with this equipment :
In 1974 he was inducted into the National Academy of Sciences and in 1977 was named a Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association .
About 20 mm per year of the India-Asia convergence is absorbed by thrusting along the Himalaya southern front .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee is created in 1904 .
During the First World War , the Royal Northwest Mounted Police ( RNWMP ) conducted border patrols , surveillance of enemy aliens , and enforcement of national security regulations within Canada .
The original formulation was based on 978 asteroids .
The Haunting of Hill House ( 1959 ) is regarded by many , including Stephen King , as one of the important horror novels of the twentieth century .
Cubs vocalise through plaintive whines .
Thus , Cervantes ' stay in Italy , as revealed in his later works , might be in part a desire for a return to an earlier period of the Renaissance .
He also wrote novels , essays , dramas , and thousands of songs .
It was later reused for such purposes as housing , workshops , quarters for a religious order , a fortress , a quarry , and a Christian shrine .
After an appeal by a local chess official , he was admitted in 1928 to Leningrad University 's Mathematics Department .
He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing , China .
Accessories that are worn may include jackets , boots and shoes , cravats , ties , hats , bonnets , belts and suspenders , watches , sashes , shawls , scarves , socks , and stockings .
The forest has been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area ( IBA ) .
Thilo Sarrazin ( born 12 February 1945 ) is a German politician .
This name was later used by the Ukrainian Revolutionary government between March 17 , 1917 and April 29 , 1918 ( Central Rada ) .
He has played in the National Hockey League with the Ottawa Senators , the Boston Bruins and the Vancouver Canucks .
He conducted key measurements which revealed the presence of a Jovian ionosphere and magnetosphere .
Many Methodist churches are named after saints , such as the Twelve Apostles , John Wesley , etc. .
It went platinum in the UK .
In all times in their history the Jews were familiar with teaching by means of parables and a number of parables also exist in the Old Testament .
Around this time , the peak of France 's modern era emerged and many painters were in search of new methods .
`` Do n't Look Back in Anger '' is a song by the English rock band Oasis ?
Obtained at a university , the degree is simply called a Diplom or rarely a Diplom ( <unk> ) and took usually between four and six years .
The family lived on a homestead that today is a tourist attraction .
The shape of the skull and the fact that the feet face forward rather than outward indicate that Pederpes was well adapted to land life .
Activities which may take place during these concerts include dancing , sing-alongs , and moshing .
It is the second smallest moon of Pluto .
The Great Dark Spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune .
Andrew Lapthorne \/ Peter Norfolk defeated Nicholas Taylor \/ David Wagner , 6-3 , 6-3 .
In antiquity this form of `` hard primitivism '' , whether admired or deplored ( both attitudes were common ) , co-existed in rhetorical opposition to a lost Golden Age of ease and plenty .
He said that content had little effect on society - in other words , it did not matter if television broadcasts children 's shows or violent programming , to illustrate one example .
The estate of the crown prince is located in Asker ( the royal palace is in Oslo ) .
The south-west tower holds 14 bells ( tenor 59 cwt or 3 tons ) hung and rung for change ringing and 22 carillon bells ( tenor 23 cwt or 1.2 tons ) which are played from a baton keyboard in the ringing chamber ( all together 35 bells . )
But in general , drug trafficking is low .
Mistletoe ( Phoradendron serotinum ) is the state floral emblem for the state of Oklahoma .
Elemental symbols were used by the early Church .
Anonymous sex is a form of one-night stand or casual sex between people who have very little or no history with each other .
Hartman currently lives in Bell Canyon , California , with his wife , Julieann , and daughters , Carly and Sophia .
De Jong scored his first goal for Manchester City in 2-1 victory against West Ham United on 1 May 2011 .
It represents Azerbaijan in international futsal competitions and ranked 10 in the world , the highest-ranking team from Caucasus in the World Rankings .
The heavily fortified island was part of the German Atlantic Wall system of defense .
The Dáil debated the Treaty bitterly for ten days until it was approved by a vote of 64 to 57 .
Governor of North Carolina declared a state of emergency for 38 eastern counties on October 26 , which took effect on the following day .
The oxygen isotopic compositions of some of these zircons have been interpreted to indicate that more than 4.4 billion years ago there was already water on the surface of the Earth .
It was released in the United Kingdom on November 24 , 2006 .
In aviation , a planform is the shape and layout of a fixed-wing aircraft 's fuselage and wing .
The Bank of England , formally the Governor and Company of the Bank of England , is the central bank of the United Kingdom and the model on which most modern central banks have been based .
Prato 's economy has been based on the textile industry .
Their daughter , Dakota Johnson , was born in October 1989 .
These include obligately intracellular <unk> and endosymbionts , insect symbionts , and populations from oceans or sludge .
Of these 25 players , 13 were right-handed batters , 10 were left-handed , and 2 were switch hitters .
Watt did not attend school regularly ; initially he was mostly schooled at home by his mother but later he attended Greenock Grammar School .
Deep frying is classified as a part of dry cooking method .
He was elected as the President on 8 September 1997 and was succeeded by Bako Sahakyan .
The osmeña pearl , contrarily to its name , is not a pearl , but a jewellery product derived from this part of the shell .
Those that were as little as 1\/16 Japanese could be placed in internment camps .
During the first four seasons of the show , he works as a private detective in a fictionalized version of Los Angeles , California .
James Benjamin Peake ( born June 18 , 1944 ) is a former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs , serving from 2007 to 2009 .
It is named after Plymouth , Devon , England .
They became a standard routine for dancers in opera , vaudeville , film and burlesque .
The Palestinian people ( Arabic : الشعب الفلسطيني ) are the modern descendants of the peoples who have lived in Palestine over the centuries .
The Act of Union 1707 merged the English Parliament with the Parliament of Great Britain .
He remained in office until his death in 1642 ; he was succeeded by Cardinal Mazarin , whose career he had fostered .
The chapel became a Catholic church The area was already settled during the Bronze Age .
After the Russian October Revolution of 1917 , the new Bolshevik government signed a separate peace with Germany .
Joan Transportation had a consumer of the consumer advocacy group .
San Lorenzo has no certain foundation date .
Robert Frost was born in San Francisco , California .
These tremendous frontline losses required ever-more troops to be fed into the fighting ; for instance , a freshly reinforced battalion of the US 28th Infantry Division was immediately thrown into direct assaults against Aachen to buttress the depleted US 1st Infantry Division during the final stages of the battle on 18-21 October .
Formed in 1991 , Bloodhound Gang has sold more than 6 million albums .
Stage 5 refers to the spread of pubic hair to the thighs and upward towards the navel as part of the developing abdominal hair .
He began observations on the anatomy of plants in 1664 , and in 1670 his essay , The Anatomy of Vegetables begun .
Test takers receive separate scores for each of the two tests , or can take the Speaking test without taking the Writing test .
This layer is <unk> to water .
It is in Santa Monica , California .
The collection is documented and presented through the online GettyGuide as well as through audio tours .
President Roberts sent military power .
They also contain chloride ions .
This includes Evonne 's 1971 and 1980 Wimbledon singles trophies .
Females typically have a special ovipositor for inserting eggs into hosts or otherwise inaccessible places .
RCTV began its regular service to the interior of the country .
A ammonia molecule belongs to the C3v point group that has order 6 : an identity element E , two rotation operations C3 and C32 , and three mirror reflections σv , σv ' and σv '' .
His good friend Turkish nationalist poet Mehmet Emin , the writer Halide Edip , and the U.S. ambassador Henry Morgenthau intervened with the government , and , by special orders Henry Morgenthau intervened with the government , and , by special orders Henry Morgenthau intervened with the government .
In the following days Pepys witnessed looting , disorder and disruption .
They were all ethnically Jewish or Jewish Proselytes .
Records show he recorded about 350 numbers between 1906 and 1917 .
John Caesar ( 1764 - 15 February 1796 ) was the first Australian bushranger to arrive in Australia .
In 1997 , the movie achieved critical and commercial success .
<unk> comes from the <unk> Gentoo penguin .
The town passed through the area in 1836 after surveyor Thomas Mitchell passed through the area in 1836 .
Ricketts had a desire to compose music .
Shrek opened in more than 3,587 movie theaters on its 2001 release , with eleven of them showing the film digitally , made possible by the THX Division of Lucasfilm .
In 1974 , George Balanchine choreographed a version of Coppélia for the New York City Ballet .
The Alaskan Klee Kai is a breed of dog .
Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida .
9 of the 12 most dangerous and persistent organic chemicals are pesticides .
The Han River is a major river in South Korea and the fourth longest river on the Korean peninsula after the Amnok , Duman , and Nakdong rivers .
The game was followed by a sequel , Avatar : Into the Inferno , around a year later .
Instead , he believed that life consists of separate parallel lines advancing from simple to complex .
Before the event went live on pay-per-view , a dark match was held .
It is directed , written , co-edited and partly financed by James Cameron .
Nc3 g6 4 .
It was around 1985 that Stallone was signed to a remake of the 1939 James Cagney classic Angels With Dirty Faces .
Elisabeth Caroline Simms ( born March 17 , 1967 ) is an American actress .
It consists of other celestial body such as a planet or moon .
Kitchen stoves rely on the application of direct heat for the cooking process and may also contain an oven , used for baking .
In the late 1960s , as jazz musicians began to explore the new genre of jazz-rock fusion , organ trios led by organists such as Larry Young '' ... ventured into more remote territory , expanding the harmonic palette of the organ trio form . ''
This is cut off on the northwest side by the Winslade Fault , which heads north east to Cook and Kaleen .
There , he met two other future Nobel laureates : Rita Levi-Montalcini and Renato Dulbecco .
He later studied at the Hochschule für Musik , Theater und Medien Hannover in Hanover , Germany .
Seanad Éireann is the general election for Seanad .
He was able to show that the autopolyploid was not as successful as its diploid parent in an unchanging environment .
It is the last glacial period ended about 10,000 years ago .
It is popular worldwide , and has been adapted for cinema , television and stage shows .
The Magic Tour took in 26 dates around Europe 's stadiums in support of their latest album A Kind of Magic .
Ashland is part of the Natchitoches Micropolitan Statistical Area but is located nearly forty miles to the north of the parish seat of Natchitoches .
The tuning fork was invented in 1711 , by British musician John Shore , Sergeant Trumpeter and Lutenist to the court .
The city has played an important part in the defense of the north and Durham Castle is the only Norman castle keep never to have suffered a breach .
James helped significantly to literary criticism , especially in his insistence that writers be allowed the greatest possible freedom in presenting their view of the world .
Type II Cepheids are divided into several subgroups by period .
Livingstone attended St. Leonard 's Primary School , and after failing his eleven plus exam , in 1956 began secondary education at Tulse Hill Comprehensive School .
<unk> is both a philosophical school of thought that a method that crosses disciplines and cultures .
As a land grant college , it operates a cooperative extension outreach program in every county of New York and gets major funding from the State of New York for certain educational missions .
These beads can be spent in an in-game shop to purchase furniture and wallpapers , which can then be used to customize Kirby 's living space .
Modern medicine , both conventional and alternative , recognizes that the different rheumatic disorders have different causes .
The Gutenberg Bible was also known as the 42-line Bible .
Gentoo package means easy to maintain , and flexible .
The Agreement was repudiated and condemned by Unionists .
Jari Kurri reached 600 goals in his career .
Tilson Thomas was born in Los Angeles , California .
His students included William Croft , Jeremiah Clarke and Henry Purcell .
Joel Edward McHale ( born November 20 , 1971 ) is an American actor and actor .
Many scams are perpetrated against foreign travellers , especially in Jaipur , the capital of Rajasthan .
In the Philippines , regions ( Tagalog : rehiyon , ISO 3166-2 : PH ) are administrative divisions that serve primarily to organize the provinces ( lalawigan ) of the country for administrative convenience .
Born This Way , the lead single , was released on February 11 , 2011 .
Additional confirmation data was provided by the Spitzer Space Telescope and ground-based observations .
The Old Faithful can be connected to any other thermal features of the Upper Geyser Basin .
Also , it was called plumbago ( Latin for `` lead ore '' ) .
In 1921 , he was hired by Prana Film for its first and only production , Nosferatu .
Organisms must survive wave action , currents , and exposure to the sun .
The university in the county town of Oxford ( whose name came from Anglo-Saxon Oxenaford = `` ford for oxen '' ) grew in importance during the Middle Ages and early modern period .
The Board does this by preferencing traditional Aboriginal place names or names with Aboriginal origin wherever it can .
The Nearctic ecozone covers most of North America , including Greenland and the highlands of Mexico .
Minardi was represented in 2004 by two rookies , Italian Gianmaria `` Gimmi '' Bruni and Hungarian Zsolt Baumgartner .
The last years of the 1960s were very contentious , as many social movements were active , including the African American Civil Rights Movement , the Counterculture of the 1960s , and antiwar demonstrations .
Among the dead were made Lucius Aemilius Paullus , as well as two consuls for the preceding year , two quaestors , twenty-nine out of the forty-eight military tribunes and an additional eighty senators ( at a time when the Roman Senate comprised no more than 300 men , this constituted 25 % -30 % of the governing body ) .
Gyeongju is 370 km ( 230 mi ) southeast of Seoul , and 55 km ( 34 mi ) east of the provincial capital , Daegu .
No more than 200 Jews from the Trochenbrod ghetto and nearby areas survived the massacre .
In order to remove the unsavoury connotations with crime associated with its name ( and its homophonic connection to `` demon '' ) , in 1856 Van Diemen 's Land was renamed Tasmania in honor of Abel Tasman .
The relationship between band gap energy and temperature can be described by Varshni 's empirical expression , , where Eg ( 0 ) , α and β are material constants .
After the Treaty of Union in 1707 passed a new Kingdom of Great Britain and dissolved both parliaments , replacing them with a new Parliament of Great Britain .
The smallest AONB is the Isles of Scilly ( 1976 ) , 16 km2 ( 6.2 sq mi ) , and the largest AONB is the Cotswolds ( 1966 ) , 2,038 km2 ( 787 sq mi ) .
Monism is the position that mind and body are not <unk> and ontologically distinct kinds of entities .
Her mother , who raised her alone , was a Scottish-Irish legal secretary .
They had several children .
Murphy said : `` Every year we 're going to populate a new group .
He resigned her lectureship at 61 , Marlborough Road .
When one of these is found , it is necessary to move the search away from it if the <unk> is looking solely for local minima and transition structures .
An Ubuntu derivative with lightweight applications , was released in October 2007 .
originating from the mucosal lining ( epithelium ) of these regions .
In 2009 , he was inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame .
In addition to the malicious threat , the use of instant messaging at work also creates a risk of non-compliance to laws and regulations governing use of electronic communications in businesses .
The quiz is set in a huge hourglass-shaped structure in midtown Manhattan near the entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel .
The RSA members are still among the main contributors to the human knowledge , as shown by the Oxford English Dictionary .
The earthquake occurred at 11:15 a.m. ; it destroyed Villa del Rosario , San Antonio del Tachira and Capacho .
Nearby provinces like Calabarzon ( Region IV-A ) also suspended their classes .
Fred gained popularity through a regular newspaper column , `` A Dog 's Life , '' about his activities and encounters , after he was profiled on cable TV 's Animal Planet .
Richard Wellesley , Governor-General of India between 1797 and 1805 , was largely responsible for the development of the city and its public architecture .
It continues west toward Maryland to provide access to the Chesapeake Bay Bridge .
There was the former state union of Serbia and Montenegro .
Hogan 's Alley , a comic strip showed around a bald child in a yellow nightshirt ( nicknamed The Yellow Kid ) , became exceptionally popular when cartoonist Richard F. Outcault began drawing it in the World in early 1896 .
The village includes only a small part of Kaskaskia Precinct , which includes all of Randolph County 's land west of the Mississippi .
The third group of trainees came on board for training 16 June and many of them and station personnel helped saved lives and property during heavy rains and floods that damaged the nearby town of Los Alamitos .
He is also the first to use female characters ( though not female performers ) .
He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1961 American movie Judgment at Nuremberg , his second acting role in Hollywood .
It is served much as breakfast time , with condiments such as butter and syrup .
The Federal Ministry of Germany ( German : Bundesministerium für Wirtschaft ) existed from 1949 to 1998 .
The circus consist of a range of fun and educational activities .
The Game tells a scenario mode , which sets requirements that gamers must meet to fulfill the missions .
Bullets are affected by gravity , bounced against solid surfaces at oblique angles , and firearms are highly inaccurate when fired without aiming .
In the Cartesian plane , the rightward and upward directions are usually thought of as positive x-direction .
For example , a `` flu strain '' is a certain biological form of the influenza or `` flu '' virus .
It is home to the Wimbledon Tennis Championships and New Wimbledon Theatre .
In the gastrointestinal and respiratory tract , movement due to peristalsis or cilia , helps remove infectious agents .
By 1790 Hamilton started building a nationwide coalition .
It is produced by sodium nitrite .
Michel Foucault ( born Paul-Michel Foucault ) ( 15 October 1926 - 25 June 1984 ) was a French philosopher , historian of ideas , social theorist , and philologist .
In 1957 , Ken Olsen and an MIT colleague , Harlan Anderson , decided to start their own firm .
He started his career in Kur , and has since played for Mertskhali Ozurgeti , Daşqın Zaqatala , Alazani Gurjaani , Turan Tovuz , Neftchi Baku , Dinamo Stavropol , Baltika Kaliningrad , Fakel Voronezh and Volgar Gazprom .
The <unk> elenchi is Latin meaning `` an ignoring of a refutation '' .
DSL was originally based on Model-K , a 22 MB stripped down version of Knoppix , but soon after was based on Knoppix proper , allowing much easier remastering and improvements .
Most discussions about the DFSG happen on the mailing list .
Then Mansell spun but at the same time Senna got a puncture that let to him retiring in the pits 4 laps before the end and allowing Berger to get third and close in to Mansell .
He has performed on over 50 more albums by other artists .
Part of the AFI 100 Years ... series is a list of the top 50 greatest screen legends in American movie history , which included 25 male and 25 female stars .
Following his retirement from the sport , Cooper continued his career as a television and radio personality and was enormously popular in Britain : he was the first ( and is today one of just three people ) to twice win the public vote .
Symptoms are mostly due to the body 's immune response .
After 40 years as a concert artist he retired in 2001 to Victoria , British Columbia , where he lives with his dog Shin-Ju .
Its headquarters are in Quezon City with regional offices and news bureaus in over 25 provincial areas throughout the country .
For simple diatomic molecules , the wavefunctions obtained are represented mathematically by the equations where and are the molecular wavefunctions for the bonding and antibonding molecular orbitals .
His parents were immigrants from Japan .
From 1949 to 1959 , the number of courses held increase from 6 to 64 and the number of students from 49 to 800 .
This means that less fuel needs to be consumed to produce the same amount of useful energy .
In 1988 she adopted a traditional name : Oodgeroo ( meaning `` paperbark tree '' ) Noonuccal ( her tribe 's name ) .
George manages to escape .
At the Winter Olympic Games , Norway has won 329 medals ( 118 gold ) - more than any other nation - with cross-country skiing and speed skating as the top sports .
Reputed as the first Roman Catholic resident of the district , it is recorded that nearby Rochester was named after J. P. Rowe as he owned land on the Campaspe River .
It joins the Ohio at Carrollton .
Strauss canceled the alliance between the CDU and CSU parties .
The serial number follows the aircraft throughout its period of service .
Of this , 13.82 square miles ( 35.79 km2 ) is land and 0.85 square miles ( 2.20 km2 ) is water .
They use <unk> <unk> that link to a shortened reference in a list and a separate full reference list .
In 1994 , he shot to fame when he played the role of Hercules in the television movie Hercules and the Amazon Women .
He was awarded two Orders of Lenin , Order of the Red Banner , and many medals .
Although Senna led by 9 points and there were 9 points for a win , if Prost won the last race he would have had to drop his fifth place in Canada which meant that he would be two points behind Senna even if Senna retired .
Dodd was a student at Tennessee .
In 1962 , the management of ENAC is thinking about raising tuition fees , courses prices and fees for customers outside from the Directorate General for Civil Aviation .
Children were taken from their mothers and either killed or <unk> .
The protocol for preserving the cadaver aims to prevent infection and maintain adequate oxygenation of tissue .
tɕʰāj ) ( born Albert Thongchai McIntyre , December 8 , 1958 ) is a Thai pop singer .
Afterwards it was governed by the Counts of Ponthieu .
This is called The Story of Mankind .
It is the largest accidental marine oil spill in the history of the petroleum industry , an estimated 8 % to 31 % larger in volume than the previously largest , the Ixtoc I oil spill .
It is on the Kanektok River and near the Arolik River .
An isobaric ( same pressure ) process happens when the pressure of the system remains constant .
In the 1850s , Eucalyptus trees are added to California by Australians during the California Gold Rush .
Clara Oswin Oswald is a fictional character portrayed by Jenna Coleman in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
She told him : `` I want you to be always mine 'till the end of time '' .
U Thant tried to persuade Nasser not to go to war with Israel by flying to Cairo in a last-minute peace effort .
Peter Schaefer ( born July 12 , 1977 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
Osnabrück ( German : ( ɔsnaˈbʁʏk ) ) is a district ( Landkreis ) in the southwest of Lower Saxony , Germany .
In 1953 , Hobbs was knighted , the first professional to be so honored .
A geological fold occurs when one or planar surfaces , such as sedimentary strata , are bent or curved as a result of permanent deformation .
It is mainly based on ethnic groups , with the largest religion being Romanian Orthodoxy .
On March 17 , Booth learned that Lincoln would be attending a performance of the play Still Waters Run Deep at a hospital near the Soldier 's Home .
Gregorian chant developed mainly in western and central Europe during the 9th and 10th centuries .
Gingy 's story is not happy , but horrifying , as he tells about how his girlfriend Suzy got eaten up by Santa Claus .
The first Battersea Bridge was a toll bridge commissioned by John , Earl Spencer , who had recently bought the rights to operate the ferry .
The first of these programs , 1958 's An Evening with Fred Astaire , won nine Emmy Awards , including `` Best Single Performance by an Actor '' and `` Most Outstanding Single Program of the Year . ''
The Global 200 is the list of ecoregions identified by WWF , the global conservation organization , as priorities for conservation .
But in addition to being an important energy source for humans , methane also forms the basis of a cold seep ecosystem .
The published volumes included Masoch 's best-known stories .
The song also went number one on all major music charts within two days .
By agreement , the family retained ownership of Oceania House , their home on the island .
It is owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company through its Parks and Resorts division and is home to two theme parks , three hotels , and a shopping , dining , and entertainment .
<unk> shoots are first boiled in lye to prepare fibers for yarn-making .
In the United States and Canada , the movie was given a limited release on December 29 , 2006 .
Tim and Neil were made OBE for services to New Zealand music in the 1993 Queen 's Birthday Honours List .
The Canadiens defeated the Rosebuds three games to two in the best-of-five-games series , winning the Stanley Cup for the first time in team history .
TAG was formed in 1977 by Akram Ojjeh and is currently led by Chief Executive Officer Mansour Ojjeh , the son of the founder .
Halimede , or Neptune IX , like many of the outer moons of Neptune , is named after one of the Nereids , the fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris .
The main interests of PNI are the interactions between the nervous and immune systems and the relationships between mental processes and health .
French and English were its masters by turns till 1435 .
Feral populations can also pass on transmissible infections to domestic herds .
In popular usage , particularly in the UK , `` conceptual art '' came to denote all contemporary art that does not practice the traditional skills of painting and sculpture .
Management accounting is an applied discipline used in various industries .
This rise up to a peak at Deriba crater where there is a small area of temperate climate , high rainfall and permanent springs of water .
He was inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame and the Country Music Roll of Fame and the Country Music Roll of Renown .
It was designed to be sustainable with use of renewable technologies .
One chain extends across the sea to Chios , another extends across Euboea to Samos , and a third extends across the Peloponnese and Crete to Rhodes , dividing the Aegean from the Mediterranean .
Neso is about 60 km in diameter .
Girls usually complete puberty by ages 15-17 , while boys usually complete puberty by ages 16-17 .
At the age of ten he approached McLaren F1 team boss Ron Dennis for an autograph , and told him , `` Hi .
Several large shopping centers and department stores are in the district including Lotte Department Store , Shinsegae Department Store , Migliore Plaza and Noon Square .
When it was fired on 3 July 1558 , soldiers were paid to find and get the shot from Wardie Muir , near the Firth of Forth , a distance of two miles .
<unk> meats in a microwave oven for 2-3 minutes before grilling shortens the time on the hot pan .
Modern banjos are typically strung with metal strings .
The term `` banana '' is also used as the common name for the fruit .
Late in his childhood , he found the remains of a fisherman 's fire on the beach .
Surface tension has the dimension of force per unit length , or of energy per unit area .
Its leaders tried to distance the organization from the acts of the so-called renegade elements that hijacked international flights and served prison sentences for extortion .
The early 21st century closings of several Planet Hollywood , Jekyll & Hyde Club , Wilderness Cafe , and Bugaboo Creek locations suggest a decline in popularity .
This is caused by its low taxes , its central location between Zürich and Milan , and its beautiful countryside .
However the genus Chondrocladia uses a highly modified water flow system to inflate balloon-like structures that are used for capturing prey .
As ` local founder actions ' are usually of great interest to the local community , and are only relevant to the English Wikipedia , the local ` founder ' right also has the benefit of allowing Wales ' actions to be visible in the English Wikipedia rights log ; actions performed with the global founder bit are not visible in that record , but only on the log at Metawiki .
An ordinary seaman 's duties aboard ship included `` handling and splicing lines , and working aloft on the lower mast stages and yards '' .
It also borders the countries of Paraguay to the southwest and the Bolivia .
The Albert 's Lyrebird ( Menura alberti ) is a species of pheasant-sized songbird .
Franklin Delano Roosevelt ( January 30 , 1882 - April 12 , 1945 ) , commonly known by his initials FDR , was an American lawyer and statesman .
John Dunn ( 14 December 1846 - 19 March 1866 ) was an Australian bushranger .
It is believed to have lived in what is now Africa , around 95 million years ago ( Albian to Cenomanian stages ) .
Unlike a regular padlock , combination locks do not use keys .
In 1815 another military camp , Fort Edwards , was built nearby at a different location .
As the front pair wears down and drops out in pieces , the back pair moves forward , and two new <unk> emerge in the back of the mouth .
The intertidal zone is periodically exposed to sun and wind , which desiccate barnacles , which need to be well adapted to water loss .
The charter trustees ( who consist of the councillor or councillors for the area of the former borough ) maintain traditions such as mayoralty .
On the 50th anniversary of the death of Lojze Grozde , the Archdiocese of Ljubljana started a process to recognize his martyrdom and also his beatification and canonization .
It has to complete all stages of the seven hotels in the game .
At the American Idol Experience , park guests can audition and sing for live audiences .
A piano trio is a group of piano and two other instruments .
Kaczynski was born and raised in Evergreen Park , Illinois .
While the Doctor 's archenemy , the Daleks were on the whole unchanged during the original season run , the Cybermen were seen to change with almost every encounter .
Percy , Annabeth and Tyson are kidnapped by Luke .
The first `` chapter , '' the video for `` My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark ( Light Em Up ) '' , was released alongside the band 's album announcement in February 2013 .
Incidents of violent crime is very common but increasing .
`` We Found Love '' is a song by Rihanna .
Individual armor plates are the most commonly found element from them .
They have a son Harry Teodor , born on June 1 , 2002 and a daughter Vera born on January 1 , 2005 .
Olga loved to read and , unlike her four siblings , enjoyed school work .
Since 2002 , subtropical storms have been assigned names from the same naming sequence as tropical storms .
A pratyeka-buddha also reaches Nirvana through his own efforts , but does not teach the dhamma to others .
Tropical cyclones that intensify into tropical storms between the coast of Americas and 140 ° W are named by the National Hurricane Center ( NHC\/RSMC Miami ) .
It is on the Cumberland River in the north-central part of the state .
However , as Kwanzaa gained mainstream troops , Karenga altered his position so that practicing Christians would not be alienated , then stating in the 1997 Kwanzaa : A Celebration of Family , Community , and Culture , `` Kwanzaa was not created to give people an alternative to their own religion or religious holiday . ''
However there is a maximum of 100 tactics you could save .
In physics , the world line of an object is the unique path of that object as it travels through 4-dimensional spacetime .
The film was also honored four times at the BAFTA awards .
Hamilton missed the last two races of the season to make his debut in the season finale of the British Formula Three Championship .
In a 2007 interview , Chris Thile discussed what he musically envisioned for Deceiver : All songs by Chris Thile .
Coleman was born and raised in Fort Worth , Texas .
Rusk was born in Malta , Ohio .
This brake is usually an external drum type and is actuated by spring force and held open electrically ; a power failure will cause the brake to engage and prevent the elevator from falling ( see inherent safety and safety engineering ) .
The working population will peak around 2030 .
On the mobile phone version , the only characters listed are the celebrities .
King 's appearances led to steady engagements at the Sixteenth Avenue Grill in West Memphis and later to a ten-minute spot on the Memphis radio station WDIA .
<unk> Capital failed to find a buyer in time .
The current champion is Dean Ambrose .
The second event occurred three days later when , again , the United States dropped a plutonium implosion-type device on the city of Nagasaki .
Palatine is a village in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
The game is the first on the Wii to feature `` Super Guide '' a new system devised by Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto .
Recent genome analysis has shown that they are descended from , and should be considered as , highly modified rotifers .
Its food is sought both on the ground and in trees and includes virtually all known types of plant and animal sources , such as acorns and beech mast , weed seeds , grain and other berries , scraps in town parks , bird-table food and rarely eggs and rarely .
A common array of n configuration for very-high-volume embedded systems is the system on a chip ( SoC ) which contains a complete system consisting of multiple processors , multipliers , caches and interfaces on a single chip .
She graduated with honors and a Grade Point Average above 3.5 in May 2006 , with a degree in Industrial and Systems Engineering .
According to Chris Brewster , India , Pakistan and Bhutan , Sri Lanka , Nepal and Sri Lanka is more commonly called South Asia .
The Edmonton Oilers won the Stanley Cup by beating the Philadelphia Flyers four games to three in the Cup finals .
The combined parish is bounded on the south and west by the estuary of the River Camel , on the north by the Atlantic coast , and on the east by the parishes of St Endellion and St Kew .
On November 14 , 2005 , Boeing announced it was launching the 747 Advanced as the Boeing 747-8 .
Romero was born in New York City , a Lithuanian American mother .
Natron is a naturally occurring mixture of sodium carbonate decahydrate ( Na2CO3 · 10H2O , a kind of soda ash ) and about 17 % sodium bicarbonate ( also called nahcolite or baking soda , NaHCO3 ) along with small quantities of sodium chloride and sodium sulfate .
It is by population of hydrogen samples on Earth , with the lower number tending to be found in samples of hydrogen gas and the higher enrichment ( 0.015 % or 150 ppm ) typical of ocean water .
The name `` Big Bertha '' was known as the railway-mounted battleship guns .
Venezuelan maps made since 1970 show the entire area from the eastern bank of the Essequibo , including the islands in the river , as Venezuelan territory .
Early the following season , he again suffered a severe injury to his right eye , suffering a severed tear duct when he was hit in the face by an errant skate .
Their width is about half their length .
They are listed below , with their capitals and the territory of the former provinces that they mostly incorporated : After only three years , following a coup d'etat , the borders of the former provinces were restored , though only three years .
The glass frogs are frogs of the amphibian family Centrolenidae ( order Anura ) .
In the same year he met Bakunin in Locarno ( Switzerland ) spending a month with him .
Cena then immediately pinned The Big Show to win the match and the United States Championship .
Donna is a temporary secretary at HC Clements in London .
The male then guards the eggs until they hatch .
Minyintiri won the 28th NATSIAA in August 2011 , for his painting Kanyalakutjina ( `` Euro Tracks '' ) .
In 1803 , most of modern Kansas had been given by the United States as part of the Louisiana Purchase .
Since then , music publishers only have to submit copies to DMA , which covers both national archiving and copyright registration .
The gene name revision is similar to the naming procedure .
It is one of the oldest zoos in Europe and is a member of EAZA .
At WrestleMania XXIV , Kelly was a ` lumberjill ' for the Divas ' tag team lumberjill match .
Labbé has played in the DEL for three seasons , with Augsburger Panther in 2004-05 and with the Sinupret Ice Tigers in 2005-06 and 2006-07 .
Products made from neem trees have been used in India for over two millennia for their medicinal properties .
The holdings of ceramics , glass , textiles , costumes , costumes , silver , silver , jewellery , furniture , medieval objects , sculpture , prints and printmaking , drawings and photographs are among the largest and most comprehensive in the world .
It was first held by William Wentworth IV , the first Minister for Aboriginal Affairs , and great-grandson of politician and explorer William Wentworth .
<unk> is an area of interest to tourists .
<unk> published a retraction , but he continued publishing the offending volumes without any change .
A second candidate was announced in 2011 .
At the same time , Larry Layton , drew a weapon and began firing on members of the party that had already boarded a small Cessna .
His body was taken away in a military vehicle and was buried without ceremony .
The Earl of Athlone died in 1957 at Kensington Palace in London .
It is also designated Uranus VI .
Scanlon went for his gun but Ned shot him dead .
There is some evidence that even higher plants and animals have been affected and this has raised concerns for safety .
In 1951 , Menotti directed , with the help of filmmaker Alexander Hammid , starring Anna Maria Alberghetti .
The semiarid steppe landscape was drained by intermittent streams and was sometimes affected by dust and sandstorms , and moisture was seasonal .
Several of these planes were shot down by the Japanese ; however , at least one plane was lost to heavy antiaircraft ( AA ) fire , and many more were damaged .
He joined the International Folk High School in Elsinore in 1933 , where he met self-taught .
In July 1942 , Margot Frank got a call-up notice from the Zentralstelle für jüdische Auswanderung ordering her to report for a work camp .
He was criticized by many supporters of Proposition 209 , and the next year a three-judge Court of Appeals panel overturned his decision .
He co-starred with Kate Burton in both Give Me Your Answer , Do !
The wind farm will be close to the existing North Hoyle and Rhyl Flats offshore wind farms .
During this time Ordinary Seaman John Andrews , Chief Quartermaster Patrick H. Grace and Private Michael McNamara , were awarded the Medal of Honor .
The Bulldogs also competed frequently in All-Japan Pro Wrestling where they were paid $ 20,000 each by Giant Baba , along with the liberty of choosing which tours they wanted to participate in .
It included a hurricane landfall within the modern borders of New York City , the only recorded case of a hurricane eyewall moving directly over the city .
Well , see you later .
They are known as the ` bird-hipped ' dinosaurs because of their bird-like hip structure , even though birds actually belong to the ` lizard-hipped ' dinosaurs ( the saurischians ) .
The regions vary greatly in their areas covered , populations and contributions to the national economy .
The flash point of a volatile material is the lowest temperature in air .
The Bop It !
The citation covered the Ardennes sector .
In 1998 , Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State and won .
Villa de Santafé on the western bank of the Cauca River , in 1545 it received the coat of arms and the title of City of Antioquia from King Philip II of Spain .
Its main goal is to protect public health and safety through the control and prevention of disease , injury and disability .
The term `` meter-maid '' was largely unknown in the UK after the song 's release .
The line is 20 km long with 16 stations .
He was regarded as one of the four greatest calligraphers in Song Dynasty .
A king of Albania appears in the list of dynasties whose ambassadors were received by Augustus .
Their average total strength was just over 10,000 men per division .
In the 1970s , the original stadium was closed down .
On April 6 , 1973 , the President François Tombalbaye changed its name to N'Djamena ( taken from the Arab name of a nearby village , Niǧāmīnā , meaning `` place of rest '' ) as part of his authenticité program of Africanization .
The Presidents ' Trophy is presented by the National Hockey League ( NHL ) to the team that finishes with the most points ( i.e. best record ) in the league during the regular season .
On July 24 , they encountered thick ice , causing the crew to doubt their ability to reach their destination .
NCQ 's implementation is preferable because the drive has more accurate knowledge of its performance characteristics .
He died in Paris .
The Dover Air Force Base Middle School is on the edge of the Dover Air Force Base .
It continued rapidly northeastward through the country and became an extratropical cyclone over northern Honshū a few hours after moving ashore .
The Magellanic Cloud galaxies were once classified as irregular galaxies .
Brodess then hired her out again .
The cat is a very vocal animal .
In 2006 , Alba received an MTV Movie Award for `` Sexiest Performance '' for Sin City .
This river marks the Dominican-Haitian border from the city of Dajabón to its mouth .
Schools in the warned were suspended , and airports and seaports were closed .
The Azerbaijan Coast Guard is a enforcement agency .
In June 1502 , Santo Domingo was destroyed by a major hurricane , and the new Governor Nicolás de Ovando had it rebuilt on a different site on the other side of the Ozama River .
She speaks both Swedish and Russian .
Her album Selena did better than albums from other female Tejano singers .
Because of the larger fan diameter compared to the 737 Next Generation family , the nose landing gear will have to be lengthened by 6-8 inches ( 15-20 cm ) to maintain the required ground clearance .
Ferdinand was educated by the Jesuits of <unk> on his lands .
Eye cancers can be primary .
The Local Group is located on the outskirts of the LS in a small filament extending from the Fornax Cluster to the Virgo Cluster .
His family had held the district continuously since 1933 .
The accepted explanation is that orbital forcing sets the timing for ice ages with CO2 acting as an essential amplifying feedback .
He was a volunteer on the Caucasian front during World War I and served as bodyguard , translator and secretary to General Andranik Ozanian , about whom he wrote memoirs that were published in 1920 .
This army unit was mostly made up of Japanese Americans from Hawaii and the mainland .
The plant was first introduced to Europe by John Gould Veitch died in September 1860 .
Biden sought the Democratic presidential nomination in 1988 and 2008 , both times dropping out early in the race .
So , although the terms `` least squares '' and `` linear model '' are closely linked , they are not synonymous .
After high school , Carroll went to junior Epsilon fraternity .
He also did voice work for the character of Sokka on the Nickelodeon series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
It was also used for driver and maintenance training and familiarisation .
She successfully danced her way through Havana night clubs and cabarets , and arrived in Mexico in 1945 , where she made her film debut .
Historically , the title comes from the Latin comes from keeping the horses of a lord or monarch .
The gulf 's surface area is about 160,000 km2 ( 62,000 sq mi ) .
`` I do n't think my voice had broken , '' he explained to Sounds in 1974 .
There are geothermal hot springs in many locations all over the crust of the earth .
His most famous pupil was the poet Paulinus , who later became a Christian and Bishop of Nola .
Upon moving into Oklahoma , flood and flash flood were given for several counties .
Individual seeds are sometimes chewed and used in much the same way as chewing gum .
The North Korean government used the exercises as preparation for a combined arms attack on the North .
He was the eldest son of Emperor Ninmyō .
The garrotte Archipelago is a group of islands off the northeastern coast of New Guinea in the western Pacific Ocean .
These coupled with high surf can cause major beach erosion .
Rödermark is a town in the Offenbach Rural District in the state of Hesse , Germany , southeast of Frankfurt am Main and northeast of Darmstadt , Main and northeast of Darmstadt .
Apart from Hotel Mario , the Mario characters were used in Super Mario 's Wacky Worlds , but the game was canceled with only some prototype versions being programmed .
It is a World Heritage Site .
Historians often consider it as the start of the Cold War , and the start of the containment policy to stop Soviet expansion .
On September 9 , Gabrielle made landfall at Cape Lookout National Seashore in the Outer Banks of North Carolina with winds of 60 mph ( 90 km\/h ) .
The Mendenhall Glacier and the Lemon Creek Glacier are visible from the local road system .
The next year , he took Third Prize at the International Franz Liszt Piano Competition of Utrecht .
It was a major booster for the strip throughout its run .
Avatar : The Last Airbender ( known as Avatar : The Legend of Aang ) is a video game based on the animated television series of the same name for Game Boy Advance , Nintendo GameCube , PlayStation 2 , PlayStation Portable , Wii , and Xbox .
In addition , the public may look to social media as another vehicle to receive messages and check in on updates .
After this , Gloucester , Massachusetts took over as the center of New England fishing .
JBL flipped Benoit over on his back and used ropes for leverage to get the pinfall and the victory .
The Bald Eagle is the national bird of the United States .
Thanatos ' sisters , the Keres , were the spirits of violent death .
<unk> has been described as the most controversial force within the Catholic Church .
mes amis '' with its nine high C 's following an `` overwhelming '' ovation from the audience .
Laura Elizabeth Dern ( born February 10 , 1967 ) is an American actress , movie director and producer .
Both forms of cardamom are used as flavorings in both food and drink , as cooking spices and as a medicine .
Not to be confused with Circuit de Valencia , permanent racing circuit in the same area , often used for Formula One test sessions The Valencia Street .
Major habitat types are identified : polar , temperate shelves and seas , temperate upwelling , tropical upwelling , tropical coral , pelagic ( trades and westerlies ) .
Loggia , an Italian American , was born on Staten Island on January 3 , 1930 .
The city is on the north side of Big Green Lake .
John Smith ( c. January 1580 - 21 June 1631 ) Admiral of New England was an English soldier , explorer , and author .
It earned $ 2.25 million at the North American box office during its first year of release and ended up grossing over $ 5 million .
The male is a red and black bird-of-paradise , with a yellow mantle on its neck , light green mouth , rich blue feet and two curved violet tail .
It has an apparent superluminal motion of four times the speed of light relative to the galaxy center .
Benin Faso Colombia Democratic Republic of the Congo Djibouti Ecuador Iraq Mexico Mexico Iraq Mexico Mongolia Boeing Mexico Mongolia Mexico Mongolia Boeing Mexico Mongolia Boeing Mexico
If the fruits were placed on the ground outside of the <unk> , they used sticks to lengthen the reach of their arms .
Ismael made heavy rainfall to the north .
In 1964 Orgel was appointed Senior Fellow and Research Professor at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies , where he directed the Chemical Evolution Laboratory .
James Law , who had come to Australia from Scotland , received a reward of 150 pounds for finding gold .
After rescuing him , Zuko attacks the group .
During the years of French rule , Kaskaskia was critical for supplying Lower Louisiana , especially New Orleans , with wheat and corn , as the crops could not be grown in the Gulf climate .
Proxies are left open due to deliberate or inadvertent configuration or because crackers have changed the configuration .
At that point the Arctic Ocean was 23 ° C and had crocodiles in it , with the rest of the world mostly scrub and desert .
In the press conference , Lautenberg joked , `` is it too late to change my mind ? ''
Arezzo is a steep hill rising from the floodplain of the River Arno .
Hobbs ' success was based on fast footwork , an ability to play many different shots , and excellent placement of the ball .
Together with his former student Richard Taylor , he published a second paper which circumvented the problem and thus completed the proof .
All ground transportation services are in the arrivals terminal .
A new spreadsheet application , Numbers , was also introduced .
However , he initiated the construction of two new aqueducts in Rome : the Aqua Claudia and the Anio Novus .
He played two seasons for the Regina Aces ( later renamed the Regina Vic-Aces ) of the Saskatchewan Senior League from 1938 through 1940 before deciding to continue his career at the professional level .
Stewart was born in Fort William , Ontario .
Most research topics include : The in silico representation of chemical structures uses specialized formats such as the XML-based Chemical Markup Language or SMILES .
He raised and was responsible for the efficiency of the local militia units of the county .
In 1973 , the neighboring Lyon Street Bridge was completed to the east to expand a total of four lanes between the two bridges .
The memorial , a grieving mother holding a dead child , is in Mowbray Park inside a protective canopy .
Instead , he took a ship to England , where he boarded the passenger ferry Sussex for Dieppe , France .
He is extremely violent and regularly attacks Neil and Rick with pieces of wood , cricket bats and other large objects .
The county has a total area of 626.06 square miles ( 1,621.5 km2 ) .
When mature , the sorrel-colored Lightning Bar stood 15.2 hands ( 62 inches ) tall and weighed about 1,250 pounds ( 570 kg ) .
Heron , in a comic twist , went into New York unaware of the significance of the letter , and offered his own services to the British as a spy .
The largest city on the Oder River is Wrocław , in Lower Silesia .
Due to this major victory , which also made the unification of Germany possible , 2 September was declared `` Sedan Day '' ( Sedantag ) and a national German holiday in 1871 .
Their names are not in the newspapers , but each and every day they work hard .
The origins of Valencian pilota are not known with certainty , but it is commonly supposed to have been derived from the medieval Jeu de paume along with several other European handball sports ( for example the Basque laxoa , French Longue paume , Frisian handball and Italian Pallone ) similar to the actual Valencian llargues variant .
Many caeciliids lay their eggs in moist soil .
The mountain is most notable as the location of the Mount Stromlo Observatory .
The already twice widowed Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia asked for her hand in late 1736 .
Deprived of the main song-writing talent , the remaining Wurzels recorded The Wurzels Are Scrumptious !
It is headquartered in Chicago , Illinois .
His father was Emperor Takakura .
In the United Kingdom , hearing dogs wear distinctive burgundy jackets , which trains and funds them .
Novelists , screenwriters and filmmakers have set their works in Svalbard , an archipelago in the Arctic which constitutes the northernmost part of Norway .
A live DVD , shot during the 2005 tour at the legendary Hammersmith Apollo was released .
A show that is filled with heart and love that is funny .
Some Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority service was halted .
Over half were stopped by the British patrols .
The Couesnon flows through the following departments and towns : Summer flow is typically in the range of 150 cubic feet per second .
Daniel Mannix 's novel The Fox and the Hound dealt with the quest of a hunter and his dog Copper to shoot Tod after he killed the hunter 's new dog Chief .
Further to the south , plantation slavery became the main industry of the West Indies .
Amnesty International has made several public statements about Darabi .
L6 links Plaça de Catalunya , the city center , with the district of Sarrià-Sant Gervasi .
Note : CR = Conference rank ; GP = Games played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; OTL = Overtime loss ; GF = Goals for ; GA = Goals against ; Pts = Points Bolded teams qualified for the playoffs .
Fletcher was buried in the Cole 's Hill Burial Ground in Plymouth .
It was released for the Nokia N-Gage in North America .
Darwin 's previous book , On the Origin of Species , had briefly mentioned evolutionary interactions between insects and the plants they fertilised , and this new idea was explored in detail .
At those Games , in the Super-G , there were 55 male troops compared to 18 women in the standing group .
The Hijra is celebrated annually on 1 Muharram , the first day of the Muslim year , causing many writers to confuse the first day of the year of the Hijra with the Hijra itself , erroneously stating that the Hijra occurred on 1 April 622 ) .
In 1995 , Suarez dioxide when reacted with butadiene and isoprene gives two different products depending on the mechanism .
Betty Harper Fussell ( born July 28 , 1927 ) is an award-winning American writer .
They live in pairs or in pairs , while a `` drove '' is the collective noun for a group of hares .
After more than two months of heavy fighting and the destruction of Warsaw , Bach-Zelewski managed to take control of the city while committing the cruelest atrocities in the process .
Most of the 1890 census materials were destroyed in a 1921 fire .
With Pittsburgh leading 14-10 over the Seattle Seahawks , Whisenhunt called a wide receiver reverse pass ( Antwaan Randle El to Hines Ward , the only TD pass thrown by a WR in Super Bowl history ) .
It is therefore the second-holiest city in Judaism after Jerusalem .
He was born and raised in the Shanghai International Settlement .
They cover the fields of science , social sciences and humanities .
Prince Ōtomo ( Ōtomo-shinnō ) was the favorite son of Emperor Tenji ; and he was also the first to be accorded the title of Daijō-daijin .
The paradox of Buffon is that , according to Ernst Mayr :
The flattened bodies of stingrays allow them to effectively conceal themselves in their environment .
Two satellite galaxies named NGC 4323 - connected with M100 by a bridge of luminous matter - and NGC 4328 are present within this galaxy .
Altenbrunslar received a railway station in 1849 .
Around this time she got the nickname `` Butterfly '' - a tribute to her constantly moving hands - for her performance of the Butterfly Ballet in a production of A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
They are insufficient for vision , as they can not distinguish shapes or determine the direction light is coming from .
Straight pool is a call-pocket game , meaning the player must indicate the intended object ball and pocket on every shot .
The main body of the cathedral was completed in only 38 years , from 1220 to 1258 .
It was the first remix album to start at the top of the U.S. Billboard 200 chart .
Bijua also angers the criminal gang of Mala , when he asks for a greater sum in return for killing Ramesh .
Winter Olympics medals have been of more varied design .
Direct-to-video releases have historically carried a stigma of lower technical or artistic quality than theatrical releases .
After statehood , the town was the capital of Indiana until January 10 , 1825 , when it moved to Indianapolis .
The Intracoastal Waterway separates it from the neighboring cities of West Palm Beach and Lake Worth .
In 2008 , Ashanti has sold over 30 million records worldwide .
The peak was designed for a peak ground acceleration of 0.18 g ( 1.74 m\/s2 ) .
Though he had initially worked in trade associations , Stresemann soon became a leader of the National Liberal Party in Saxony .
Originally built for up to one million inhabitants , the city now has more than twice that number .
Dagon was a small fishing village created about the Shwedagon Pagoda .
On a second vote Mr Tony Brown ( Speaker of the House of Keys ) was nominated unopposed. .
Radjabov earned the title of Grandmaster in March 2001 .
The format was written by Bernie Ecclestone and Flavio Briatore .
Richard Schickel of TIME found the movie boring and cliché-ridden .
The state 's record high temperature is 105 ° F ( 41 ° C ) , set in July 1911 , at North Bridgton .
Many of which contained more than one B-side .
The opening ceremony was held on 17 February 2011 at Bangabandhu National Stadium .
In 1907 , Asakawa was appointed curator of the East Asian Collection at Yale 's Sterling Memorial Library .
In one story , the Laird of Lorntie went to aid a woman he thought was drowning in a lake near his house ; a servant of his pulled him back , warning that it was not for his servant .
The first sports car to use a DFV , the Ford P68 , failed to finish a single race because of repeated mechanical and electrical failures .
The wrestler gave him a tombstone piledriver starting a tri-year tradition .
As a result of those deliberations , in 1867 the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed the British North America Acts , providing for the Confederation of most of these provinces .
The original Ithaca Municipal Airport was west of downtown Ithaca , near the inlet of Cayuga Lake .
These planes or weakened areas allow the intrusion of a thin sheet-like body of magma paralleling , concordant fracture zone , or foliations .
In 1725 Flamsteed 's own version of Historia Coelestis Britannica , edited by his wife , Margaret .
Rear Admiral Tamon Yamaguchi , leading Carrier Division 2 ( Hiryū and Sōryū ) , recommended that Nagumo strike immediately with the forces at hand : 18 Aichi D3A1 dive bombers each on Sōryū and Hiryū , and half the ready cover patrol aircraft .
The majority of its residents are expatriates particularly from the Indian sub-continent .
A large hole near its nostrils may have been covered by a loose flap , which could be inflated to make sounds .
During the later Mesolithic period , the inhabitants of the British Isles had been nomadic hunter-gatherers , but around 4000 BC new ideas arrived in the islands from continental Europe .
is a 1994 platform video game in the Sonic the Hedgehog series .
It has long been replaced by various photographic processes in its commercial applications and , partly because of the difficulty of learning the technique , is much less common in printmaking , where it has been largely replaced by etching and other techniques .
`` Wake Up '' and `` I Miss You '' , these two songs shows his relationship with his father , how much his father had changed him .
The game got very good reviews from video game critics .
At December to Dismember , Kelly and Knox took on the team of Ariel and Kevin Thorn in a mixed tag team match , during which Knox refused to be beaten badly by Ariel .
The area later was part of the lands of the diocese at Chur .
Oats are grown in temperate regions .
In 1940 he joined the Linden , NJ laboratory of the Standard Oil Development Company .
Pear trees are usually productive for 50 to 75 years though some still produce fruit after 100 years .
It gets its name from the bright red color of the marble-like berry that protrudes from the leaves of the plant .
It is more accepted by the wider audience interested in conservation .
She began a feud with Beth Phoenix on July 20 after Phoenix interrupted Laree during an interview , setting up a match on July 29 which Laree lost .
The Indianapolis Motor Speedway , in Speedway , Indiana ( an enclave suburb of Indianapolis ) in the United States , is the home of the Indianapolis 500 and the Brickyard 400 .
The island was the site of a highly important monastery ( see Iona Abbey ) during the Early Middle Ages .
The 1940-41 NHL season was the 24th season of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Two points to distinguish them from one another are :
The maximum size of the most common species , C. lentus , was about 15 meters ( 50 ft ) in length .
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes rated the movie `` Fresh '' , 70 % of 53 critics giving positive reviews .
The coast of the Great Australian Bight include cliff faces ( up to 60 m high ) , surfing beaches and rock platforms , ideal for whale-watching .
The team has been more successful in ODIs , having won 76 of its 270 matches , and has also played 28 Twenty20 Internationals .
The northern section includes the Museum , tennis courts , maintenance depot and curator 's cottage , and the children 's playground designed as a Victorian maze .
Six of his brothers and sisters died while young and in 1741 , his father died .
Avan Tudor Jogia ( born February 9 , 1992 ) is a British and Canadian actor best known for playing Beck Oliver on Victorious and Danny Desai in Twisted .
Ballymena had a population of 28,717 people in the 2001 Census .
The attack had the added objectives of boosting morale and demonstrating the firm commitment of the United Kingdom to open a Western front in Europe .
The resistance to the Japanese occupation continued in the Philippines .
Elsewhere , rainfall totals reached 1.46 inches in Albany , Georgia , and 0.51 inches ( 13 mm ) in Dothan , Alabama .
It is possible to cross into Italy .
The show filmed from March 13 , 2000 through April 20 , 2000 .
It is presided over by a president ( currently Claude Bartolone ) , normally from the largest party represented , assisted by vice-presidents from across the represented political spectrum .
At 11:40 pm , Tuesday , December 10 , 1946 Johnson died of a brain tumor in Washington , D.C. , five weeks after his 59th birthday , and was interred at Rockville Union Cemetery in Rockville , Maryland .
On August 31 , 2010 , Darabont reported that The Walking Dead had been picked up for a second season .
Chili peppers are of great importance in Native American medicine .
On August 5 , Tropical Depression Three formed off the coast of South Carolina from a surface trough of low pressure - the same trough that spawned Tropical Storm Bertha in the Gulf of Mexico .
Manoyan attended and finished Concordia University in Montreal , Canada .
The spectrum with green in the middle arises only where the blue-violet edges overlap the yellow-red edges .
It did not take me long to choose between a sandy berth to the right and a ten-ton truck to the left !
In 1912 Permeke married Maria Delaere and the newlyweds settled in Ostend .
Crime stories filled many of the pages , with headlines like `` Was He a Suicide ? ''
Aberdeen Airport is a base for BMI Regional and Eastern Airways .
Romania has a border with Serbia , Ukraine and Moldova to the northeast and east , and Bulgaria to the south .
The upper age range is deliberately lower than sister station Radio 1 which is closer to 35 .
Deep frying produces large amounts of waste oil , which must be properly disposed of .
Seventeen-year-old Isabella `` Bella '' Swan moves to Forks , a small town near the Washington coast , to live with her father , Charlie , after her mother is remarried .
Vyvyan describes Rick 's name as being spelled `` with a silent P '' , as it is written on Rick 's name during the University Challenge against Footlights College in the episode `` Bambi '' .
Here London wrote one of his most celebrated works , The Call of the Wild .
In 2004 , the Radio Academy named Michael as the most played artist on British radio between the period of 1984-2004 .
The Gospel of John contains only the stories of the Vine and Good Shepherd , which some consider to be parables .
Among his best movie roles were Minnesota Fats in the 1961 drama The Hustler ( starring Paul Newman ) and Buford T. Justice in the Smokey and the Bandit series .
Although cuttlefish can not see color , they can perceive the polarization of light , which enhances their perception of contrast .
In May 2007 Chris Melling agreed to a new two-year deal with Harlequins Rugby League , midway through his first season at the Twickenham Stoop .
Tsunami waves as high as 10.7 m ( 35 ft ) were recorded 10,000 km from the epicentre , several as far away as Japan and the Philippines .
Many of the Trappist monasteries and breweries were destroyed during the French Revolution and the World Wars .
<unk> are heated using coal .
As Stith Thompson points out , talking animals and the presence of magic seem to be more common to the fairy tale than fairies .
`` I Kissed a Girl '' is a song by Katy .
An area of low pressure became stationary in the Caribbean Sea without showing tropical development for several days at the beginning of November .
Also , 3 tornadoes hit New Albany and Indiana .
It is sometimes referred to as the short-horned grasshopper .
Liszt became famous .
Greater Noida is a form of songbird .
Since this method of preservation is mainly limited quickly with phosphate and this method of preservation is mainly limited and persisted after this time span .
He owed allegiance to the Emperor , although he , like the other German princes , retained some of the prerogatives of a sovereign ruler , including the ability to enter into diplomatic relations with other states .
Gueffroy was hit in the chest by two shots and died in the border strip .
His team-mate , Pastor Maldonado , became the series champion , whilst Razia helped Rapax to claim the teams ' title .
While some tribes live in isolated huts , those in the north have strongly walled villages .
Jordan borders Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabia .
At the event , The Hardys defeated Cade and Murdoch to retain the World Tag Team Championship .
Cork oaks can not legally be cut down in Portugal , except for forest management felling of old , unproductive trees , and , even in those cases , farmers need special permission from the Ministry of Agriculture .
Most forms of leukemia are treated with pharmaceutical medication , typically combined into a multi-drug chemotherapy regimen .
Another version , also using words from the Tupi language , is that it originates in the combination of kurit ( pine tree ) and yba ( large amount ) .
Love and compassion are components of all forms of Buddhism .
With the imposition of martial law led by then-Army Commander-in-Chief General Ayub Khan , the state capital was moved to Dacca .
In 2007 , he competed in the Cross Christmas of Fatima Race .
Wagner made similar observations in the Caucasus and in the Andean valleys , leading him to conclude , after the Origin of Species had been published : '' ... without a long continued separation of the colonists from the other members of their species . ''
The dominant food species were equines ( Equus ferus ) and Red Deer ( Cervus elaphus ) , although other mammals ranging from hares to mammoth were also hunted , including <unk> and hyena .
Albert Brooks guest starred as Jacques , a French bowling instructor , with him being credited as `` A. Brooks '' .
After recording independent albums the band released their first full-length album Fallen , on Wind-up Records in 2003 .
The title of Lord of Mann was revested into the British Crown .
Scriabin considered D major to be golden in color and , in a discussion with Rimsky-Korsakov , he gave an example from one of Rimsky-Korsakov 's own operas where a character sang in D major about gold .
He studied Law at the University of León , graduating in 1982 .
These soldiers were battle-hardened after many years of war , and were ordered by Adolf Hitler to defend Ortona at any cost .
He was the second service member , and first and so far the only sailor of Asian descent to receive the award .
When a system expels or accelerates mass in one direction , the accelerated mass will cause a force of equal magnitude but opposite direction on that system .
Its largest employer , the abalone co-operative , was formed in 1967 .
Maria Stuarda ( Mary Stuart ) is a tragic opera , ( tragedia lirica ) in two acts by Gaetano Donizetti , libretto by Giuseppe Bardari .
Shell Oil Company is the United States Oil Company .
Starting in the Premier League compete for the Azerbaijan Premier League Golden Boot , awarded to the top scorer at the end of each season .
The opposite of noon is midnight .
On June 26 , 2007 , Last Gang Records released Metric 's 2001 album Grow Up and Blow Away .
After completing law school and clerking for a federal judge , West entered the United States Army and served in the Judge Advocate General 's Corps .
Early immigrants settled mainly in Eastern United States , Detroit and Detroit , New Jersey .
The completion of the pacification of Ionia allowed the Persians to begin planning their next moves ; to extinguish the threat to the empire from Greece , and to punish Athens and Eretria .
In the January 2006 Palestinian parliamentary elections Hamas won a decisive majority in the Palestinian Parliament , defeating the PLO-affiliated Fatah party .
There is a large array of carom billiards disciplines .
Forbes has three main schools : Forbes Primary School , Forbes Primary School , Forbes North Primary School , Corinella Public School and Bedgerebong Public School .
Another convention of G minor symphonies observed in Mozart 's No. 25 was the choice of E-flat major for the slow movement , with other examples including Haydn 's No. 39 and Johann Baptist Wanhal 's G minor symphony from before 1771 ( Bryan Gm1 ) .
The spiked version , called the Catalan garrote , was used as late as 1940 .
She opened the front door to let the others live .
They began to turn back at 09:40 Squadron 6 .
The show also featured surreal elements , such as puppets playing talking animals or objects .
The next year in 1933 he was appointed as Professor of Genetics at University College London , where he spent most of his academic career .
The East Midlands is one of nine official regions of England at the first level of NUTS .
It has been argued that an interstellar mission which can not be completed within 50 years should not be started at all .
In 1751 he entered the astronomer Joseph Nicolas Delisle .
The character Signior Opera the image of the favored castrato singer within the puppet show , is a parody of the foreigners who performed as singers , along with the audiences .
Theodor Holm Nelson ( born June 17 , 1937 ) is an American pioneer of information technology , philosopher and sociologist .
It was Darwin 's second book on evolutionary theory , following his 1859 work , On the Origin of Species .
A Royal Commission is a public inquiry .
The family leader , Abdullah ibn Saud , was sent to Istanbul , and executed .
Black 's 5 ... exf6 is regarded as sounder than 5 ... gxf6 !?
It was the capital until the region was conquered by Louis XIV and the capital was moved to Besançon .
It is a pilgrimage center of Buddhism in India .
They are shared in metallic bonding .
Around 50 CE , bands of Chatti invaded Roman territory in Germania Superior , possibly an area in Hesse east of the Rhine that the Romans appear to have still held , and began to plunder .
The Midland Valley to descend as a major rift by up to 4000 metres and there was subsequent vertical movement .
José María Hipólito Figueres Ferrer ( 25 September 1906 - 8 June 1990 ) , served as President of Costa Rica on three occasions : 1948-1949 , 1953-1958 , and 1970-1974 .
Coordinates : 45 ° 4 ′ 14 ″ N 7 ° 41 ′ 16 ″ E \/ 45.07056 ° N 7.68778 ° E \/ 45.07056 The Teatro Regio ( ` Royal Theatre ' ) is a opera house in Turin , Italy .
The plaque on the Fye Bridge in Norwich , England tells to mark the site of dunking there .
Video High Density ( VHD ) was a videodisc format which was marketed predominantly in Japan by JVC .
By weekends , being diverted to London Kings Cross instead .
Austin asked the downed referee to try to revive him .
Albert Jacka VC , MC & Bar ( 10 January 1893 - 17 January 1932 ) was an Australian politician .
Night of Champions ( 2009 ) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Between October 1942 and January 1943 , Zaytsev made 400 kills 400 .
UWA recently joined the Matariki Network of Universities as the youngest member , the only one established during the 20th century .
The ruins in the grounds can be seen from the shore of Virginia Water and are part of an ancient temple brought from Leptis Magna near Tripoli .
He won the Mini class in 1999 , Junior in 2000 and Formula A in 2002 .
Subpolar gyres form at high latitudes ( around 60 ° ) .
She answered every question posed to her , whether about music , religion or astronomy .
In September , 2008 , she was named the 13th most powerful American over the age of 80 by Slate magazine .
In 1999 , Winters was awarded the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor .
, tied them to a cinder block and threw them in a river .
It includes several books of solo lute works , lute songs ( for one voice and lute ) , part-songs with lute accompaniment .
The attack resumed on 16 August , as Romanian troops attacked along the entire line , capturing Odessa 's water reservoirs on 17 August .
He made his NHL debut in Ottawa in 1995-96 , scoring 14 points in 75 games .
Motorola also produced AM SCR-536 radio during World War II , and it was called the `` Handie-Talkie '' ( HT ) .
On the eve of independence in 1947 , India ( including present day Pakistan & Bangladesh ) contained more than 600 princely states , each with its own ruler , often styled Raja or Rana .
He serves as member at the Open Web Foundation .
A distant planet are shorter when the Earth is approaching the planet than when the Earth is receding from it .
September 11 is the 254th day of the year ( 255th in leap years ) in the Gregorian calendar .
When , in 1974 , he shared the Nobel Prize in Economics with Gunnar Myrdal .
INDYCAR is owned by Hulman & Company .
It was the culmination of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research to purify and characterize the `` transforming principle '' responsible for the transformation phenomenon first described in Griffith 's experiment of 1928 : killed Streptococcus pneumoniae of the virulent strain type III-S , when injected along with living but non-virulent type II-R pneumococci , resulted in a deadly infection of type III-S pneumococci .
All octopuses are venomous , but only one group , the blue-ringed Octopus , is known to be deadly to humans .
Mexico 's independence would not be declared from Spain in the Declaration of Independence of the Mexican Empire until September 28 , 1821 .
In the 20th century three reservoirs have been constructed on the moor ; these are Colliford Lake , Siblyback Lake and Crowdy reservoirs which supply water for a large part of the county 's population .
The northern cricket frog ( Acris crepitans ) is a species of small hylid frog .
He is mainly known for his operettas , of which the most successful and best known is The Merry Widow ( Die lustige Witwe ) .
From 2001 to 2007 , the Royal Rumble match winner had gone on to win a World Championship title at WrestleMania .
He played twice for the Lithuanian team in the Chess Olympiads , at eighth board ( +4 -8 = 2 ) at Munich 1936 ( unofficial Olympiad ) , and at fourth board in the Olympiad at Buenos Aires 1939 , during which World War II broke out .
Consuls had extensive powers in peacetime ( administrative , legislative and judicial ) , and in wartime often held the highest military command .
Alcohol proof is a measure of how much alcohol ( ethanol ) is contained in an alcoholic beverage .
Major General Mohamed Siad Barre , who at the time commanded the army .
Over the course of the 1960s and 1970s , the Kippax became the part of the ground where the club 's most vociferous fans congregated .
This thickening occurs by conductive cooling , which converts hot asthenosphere into <unk> mantle and causes the oceanic lithosphere to become increasingly thick and dense with age .
In Canada , the album sold over 50,000 copies and was certified gold by the CRIA .
Trait is the first , EP , and only , EP by the industrial rock\/metal band Pailhead .
Convection redeveloped over a portion of the center , while banding features redeveloped as well .
In 2004 molecular studies showed that they are a separate phylum .
However , this arrangement failed .
The music video is set in the American Southwest featuring Adams and several women living in the wilderness trying to survive from the thirst , snakes etc. .
The goal was to provide a color TV standard for the European picture frequency of 50 fields .
The band did not release a band until 1996 , with Evil Empire .
It was the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal .
It is also acclaimed as having one of the highest abundances of land vertebrates ever found in Latin American tropical forests .
Most of the wall and its fortifications have been destroyed over time , but some remains are still visible .
Several moths in the family Tineidae are commonly thought as pests because their larvae eat fabric such as clothes and silk .
The 2010 UEFA Futsal Championship was the sixth official edition of the UEFA-governed European Championship for national futsal teams .
A 140 m ( 460 ft ) thick section of rock along its cliffs is designated the Global Boundary Stratotype Section and Point ( or GSSP ) representing the boundary between the Precambrian era and the Cambrian period , 541.0 ± 1.0 million years ago .
This chain extends between Dhanushkodi on Pamban Island ( also known as Rameswaram Island ) in Tamil Nadu and Mannar Island in Sri Lanka .
After Ragged Dick he wrote almost entirely for boys , and signed a contract with publisher Loring for a Ragged Dick Series .
The total of Missouri was successful , with three each at the Tour of Ireland and the Tour of Missouri .
<unk> like Triceratops became very large quadrupeds and frills Triceratops .
Richard More ( 1614 ) , along with his three siblings , was among the youngest passengers on the Mayflower in 1620 .
He was one of the first time to speak complete independence from Britain .
It is about 15 cm ( 5.9 in ) in diameter and covered on both sides with a spiral of stamped symbols .
He is believed to be son of Emperor Kōshō .
Each route has its own character dialogue to accompany it , and players will be able to visit differing planets depending on what routes they choose .
The town of Keswick , near the original findings of block graphite , still manufactures pencils , the factory also being the location of the Cumberland pencil museum .
The Earth 's motion was described in Newcomb 's Tables of the Sun ( 1895 ) , which provided a formula for estimating the motion of the Sun relative to the epoch 1900 based on astronomical observations made between 1750 and 1892 .
If the `` amount '' of propellant is given in terms of mass ( such as in kilograms ) , then specific impulse has units of velocity .
Fir Park Stadium is a football stadium in Motherwell , North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
It is not claimed that this pattern is universal , but there is now a wide range of examples from many different taxa .
Tropical Storm Ana was the first tropical cyclone of the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season .
The forces in this attack consisted of 5 cruisers , 24 destroyers , 238 landing craft , 62 + other ships , 40,000 soldiers , and 5,000 + vehicles .
The Lexington Barbecue Festival is a one-day food festival held each October in Lexington , North Carolina .
In March 2006 , Alberto Gonzales are the the Attorney General of the United States .
She is a member of girl group Kara formed by DSP Entertainment in 2007 .
The ColecoVision offered near-arcade-quality graphics gaming style .
The main trees are White Box , Red Box , and Red Stringybark .
Alison Louise Balsom ( born 7 October 1978 ) is an English trumpet soloist .
Mosques originated on the Arabian Peninsula , but are now found in all inhabited continents .
The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia reconstituted as the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro , and the nation was Serbia and Montenegro ( SCG ) for the first time at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Consider a bar magnet which has magnetic poles of equal magnitude but opposite polarity .
In 1839 , he coined the term ` protoplasm ' for the fluid substance of a cell .
The German Navy played a major role in World War II as control over the commerce routes in the Atlantic was crucial for Germany , Britain and later the Soviet Union .
The Hercules-Corona Borealis Great Wall was also the first structure other than large quasar groups that held the title as largest known structure in the universe , since 1991 .
It is produced by bending relativistic electrons ( i.e. those moving at relativistic speeds ) around a circular track .
Some Highland dances do derive from traditional social dances , however .
His idea was based on Le Spectre de la rose , a verse by Théophile Gautier and Afforderung zum Tanz , a work for piano by Carl Maria von Weber .
Most performance art also involves some form of plastic art in the creation of props .
The River Doubs and the river Birs drain the lands .
His seminal 1947 collage I was a Rich Man 's Plaything is considered the earliest standard bearer representing Pop Art .
He joined the British East India Company in 1750 as a clerk and sailed out to India in August 1750 .
He won three races in the Nationwide Series , as well as the # 18 Dollar General\/Haas car for Braun Racing .
The 1987 World Cup held in India and Pakistan was the first World Cup hosted outside of England .
The six Ivy League universities with Division I ice hockey programs are all members of ECAC Hockey .
Ebert began taking classes at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .
From the northwest going clockwise , Thuringia borders on the German states of Lower Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt , Saxony , Bavaria and Hesse .
They were held in Olympia , Greece , from the 8th century BC to the 4th century AD .
The image is oriented so that the upper left corner points toward north ( − 46.4 ° ) on the celestial sphere .
Chess is played on a square board of eight rows ( called ranks and denoted with numbers 1 to 8 ) and eight columns ( called files and denoted with letters a to h ) of squares .
The guests again arrive , expecting another seance but are driven away by Madame Flora who tries to convince them that the whole thing was a sham by revealing all the tricks that she and Monica used .
He has also been working as a voice artist .
He is shown praising Jackson as a father as well as saying that he thinks it is wonderful that he allows children to come to Neverland Ranch .
It was first held in September 1984 and was originally meant as an alternative to the Grammy Awards .
A physical examination is performed to look for typical signs of pulmonary hypertension .
While these frills might have served to protect the vulnerable neck from predators , they may also have been used for display , thermoregulation , the attachment of large neck and chewing muscles or some combination of the above .
Mayflies in this stage are a favorite food of many fish .
The Worst Forms of Child Labor Convention 1999 , 1999 , ( Convention No 182 ) of the International Labor Organization ( ILO ) describes it as the `` use , procuring or offering of a child for prostitution '' .
By working out the number of recombinants it is possible to obtain a measure for the distance between the genes .
The Biblical shepherd boy David falls into this category .
In 2004 , Garnica competed in a Fun Run in Cordoba that was part of the provisional racing calendar .
At The War to Settle the Score , which aired on February 18 , 1985 , Leilani Kai , accompanied by Moolah , defeated Richter , again accompanied by Lauper , to win the Women 's Championship .
A dam on the Rotte was built in the 1260s and was at the present-day Hoogstraat ( ` High Street ' ) .
Finally , in 1855 parts of Johnston County , Edgecombe County , Nash County , and Wayne County were combined to form Wilson County .
The north end of the bridge is Charing Cross railway station , and is near Embankment Pier and the Victoria Embankment .
The main route from Fenchurch Street to Shoeburyness is 39.5 miles ( 63.57 km ) , with a fastest timetabled journey time of 58 minutes .
Following his death in 751 , she became the abbess .
Oxpeckers feed exclusively on the backs of large mammals .
By the time he was a teenager , he was playing the piano full-time , leading a commercial band .
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles first appeared in an American comic book published by Mirage Studios in 1984 in New Hampshire .
British archaeologist D.G. Hogarth published The Nearer East in 1902 , in which he stated his view of `` The Near East : '' Hogarth then proceeds to say where the classics .
They have known each other for the European School in Brussels .
As such , the position of mayor in Auburn is primarily symbolic .
A small hurricane , it reached an estimated Category 3-4 strength before making landfall on July 27 in southeastern Louisiana .
which was directed by his wife , Kiran Rao .
The population of the metropolitan area was 265,974 inhabitants according to the 1999 census .
It is also home to the largest mosque in North America , the Islamic Center of America in Dearborn .
The chief of Autumn , survives , survives the onslaught with the SPARTAN-II Master Chief on board .
After evading wolves led by Maugrim , the group reaches Aslan 's camp .
The town known today as Coutances , capital of the Unelli , acquired the name of Constantia in <unk> during the reign of Roman emperor Constantius Chlorus .
Stallone 's career declined considerably after his films Driven ( 2001 ) , Avenging Angelo ( 2002 ) and D-Tox ( 2002 ) also underachieved expectations to do well at the box office and were poorly received by critics .
The reforms introduced the empire after the turmoil of the previous century 's civil wars .
The petal-like pattern in sand dollars consists of five paired rows of pores .
Shaw was born Arthur Jacob Arshawsky in New York City .
His second novel , The Mambo Kings <unk> Songs , won the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
Such features include : In response to pressure from AOL , the program was renamed to the acronymous-but-lowercase gaim .
The prelude is noted for its repeating A-flat , which appears throughout the piece and sounds like raindrops to many listeners .
Chambi initially served as an apprentice in the studio of Max T. Vargas , but after nine years set up his own studio in Sicuani in 1917 .
In 1964 , Latin America 's first space launch site was constructed in Rio Grande do Norte .
Eve Jihan Jeffers ( born November 10 , 1978 ) , better known by her mononym , Eve , is an American Grammy Award-winning rapper , songwriter , record producer , and actress .
Zappas sponsored the first Olympic Games in 1859 , which was held in Athens .
She was voted one of the most popular people in both France and Belgium .
In 1973 , the area was recognized for its uniqueness as well as its historical and scientific significance when it was designated the Morrison Fossil Area National Natural Landmark by the National Park Service .
In his youth , Shavo has said that he spent most of his time skateboarding and listening to punk rock and heavy metal music .
The barbecue chefs cooked 3,000 pounds of barbecue to meet demand ; by 1994 , attendance had risen to over 100,000 , and 11,000 pounds of meat were cooked .
After the partition of the Indian sub-continent ` Eastern Frontier Rifles ' was re-grouped and renamed as the ` East Pakistan Rifles ' .
However , this does not make it a non-psychological condition .
The two main oxidation states are thallium and +1 .
He was born in Budapest , Hungary on May 22 , 1927 .
It was designed by Apple Inc. on June 11 , 2012 .
The Annan and the United Nations were jointly awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
Ne Win also resented U Thant 's close links with the democratic government of U Nu which Ne Win had overthrown in a coup d'état on March 2 , 1962 .
In its simplest form , the object of the game is to score points or `` counts '' by caroming one 's own cue ball off both the opponent 's cue ball and the object ball ( s ) on a single shot .
Marco to Ed Wood shortly thereafter .
In 1956 , Robinson had 61 runs , a .275 batting average , and 12 steals .
The first eyeborg was created in England in 2003 by Adam Montandon in collaboration with colourblind artist Neil Harbisson .
By the 1970s , the city had gained a reputation as a graffiti-covered , <unk> relic of history .
Today Dolores Hidalgo is known for its ceramics , which provides income to well over half the population 's population .
When the area that is today Western Hungary was a province of the Roman Empire .
Krasnodar does not have a metro system .
Crucial ammunition and provisions were unloaded from ships at the port .
At the time of its construction , its height of 64 meters made it the second tallest structure in Asia .
Thrice is an American rock band from Irvine , California .
When Roosevelt died on April 12 , 1945 , Allied forces were closing in on Berlin .
Rolf Aldag , Allan Peiper and Tristan Hoffman became directeur sportifs .
During the 2002 Festtage , he led a Wagner cycle in ten parts , a production created in collaboration with director Harry Kupfer .
Further comparisons with Stonehenge were quickly noticed by Cunnington - both have entrances oriented approximately to the midsummer sunrise , and the diameters of the timber circles at Woodhenge and the stone circles at Stonehenge are similar .
Since the metre is defined to be the length traveled by light in a certain time interval , the measurement of the light time for unit distance can also be interpreted as measuring the length of an AU in metres .
In June 2001 , MTRCL was transferred to the Hang Seng Index .
, also known as Emperor Hanshō , was the 18th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
He made his will on June 6 , 1644 and requested that he be buried next to his deceased wife , Elizabeth .
The Tyndale Bible also played a key role in spreading reformation ideas to England which had been reluctant to embrace the movement .
The city is bordered by Litueche to the north , Paredones to the south , and Marchigüe and Pumanque to the east .
The album set a Soundscan record as the biggest opening week sales for a new female artist , outselling debuts by Alicia Keys , and Lauryn Hill .
The Enforcement of environmental and fishing regulations has resulted in partial recovery of the herring populations since 1987 .
Between 1908 and 1952 the village was served by Wilby railway station on the Mid-Suffolk Light Railway .
Kevin Kampl was born on 9 October 1990 in Solingen , North Rhine-Westphalia .
Maria Francisca became queen of Portugal for the second time when Peter succeeded his brother as Peter II in 1683 .
The herring stock varies greatly between years .
The orchestra gave its first concert in 1781 .
Note : GP = Games played , G = Goals , A = Assists , PTS = Points , PIM = Penalties in minutes Source : NHL .
Some nominations were announced without reference to a specific film , such as for Ralph Hammeras and Nugent Slaughter , who received nominations in the category of Engineering Effects .
Zero is closest to the finger on Australian rotary dial phones , so it was easy to dial in darkness .
Billboard eventually created a fourth singles popularity chart that combined all aspects of a single 's performance ( sales , airplay and jukebox activity ) , based on a point system that typically gave sales ( purchases ) more weight than radio airplay .
A.J. Foyt , Al Unser and Rick Mears each won the Indianapolis 500 four times on the traditional oval , and Jeff Gordon and Jimmie Johnson have also won four times on the oval in the Brickyard 400 .
Since the late 1980s , actor Wilford Brimley has appeared in television commercials extolling the virtues of oat consumption , typically to a young child .
Here he got experienced in research of bank robberies , fraud , organized crime , drug traffic and comparable matters .
It was mainly filmed aboard the Leander-class frigate HMS Phoebe .
Nudibranchs can store the hydrozoids ' nematocysts ( stinging cells ) in the dorsal body wall , the cerata .
In 1978 the split was made official when the Swiss people voted in favor of it , and in 1979 the Jura joined the Swiss Confederation as a full member .
In the episode `` Journey to Regionals '' , as he and Rachel are about to go onstage at Regionals , Finn tells her that he loves her ; although they become a couple .
This auditorium , in use since the hall opened in 1891 , was originally called Chamber Music Hall ( later Carnegie Chamber Music Hall ) ; the name was changed to Carnegie Recital Hall in the late 1940s and finally became Joan and Sanford I. Weill Recital Hall in 1986 .
Turnpike trusts were set up by individual Acts of Parliament .
It is very sweet and may be topped with marshmallows , whipped cream , or a piece of solid chocolate .
13.6 km2 ( 5.2 mi2 ) of it is land and 1.0 km2 ( 0.4 mi2 ) of it ( 6.93 % ) .
This is called performance art .
He was a major translator into Arabic of the Hellenistic astronomy that had been centred in Alexandria , the first to attempt to relate the Greek with the traditional Arabic star names and constellations .
The sixth and final season of the American television series Lost commenced airing in the United States and Canada on February 2 , 2010 .
<unk> a distinctive smoky flavor , often called `` peatiness '' .
As a result , the JMA reporting that the system was no longer a Severe Tropical Storm , downgraded Merbok to a Tropical Storm .
The Pintupi peoples ( from within Australia 's Gibson Desert region ) believe they have a predominantly ` mythic ' form of consciousness .
It contains a fundamental component of the cerebrum .
The species was described from a single damaged specimen collected in the Dutch colonial era ( c. 1961 ) , and has apparently not been collected since then .
Vascular plants appeared in the Devonian era ( about 400 Ma ) .
They ranged in size from Caudipteryx .
Two firms - Grant Associates and Gustafson Porter - were eventually awarded the master plan design for the Bay South and Bay East Gardens respectively .
The college enrolls approximately 2,500 students .
A + bi , the real number a is called the real part and b is called the imaginary part .
Economic development differs from economic growth .
Nemertea is a phylum of invertebrate animals also known as `` ribbon worms '' or `` proboscis worms '' .
Poa pratensis is the type species of the grass family Poaceae .
Courtship begins with a noisy flight by the male , followed by a graceful , circular glide with outstretched wings and head down .
A tropical depression formed from a low level circulation on July 11 , well to the east of the Windward Islands .
That 's why it was so devastating for him to lose them '' .
In 1970 the site was placed on the National Register of Historic Places by the U.S. Department of the Interior .
Secondary storage ( also known as external memory or auxiliary storage ) , differs from primary storage in that it is not directly accessible by the CPU .
Sometimes members of the genus Chaetodipus are placed in the genus Perognathus .
The remnants of the depression dropped moderate to heavy rainfall in Hawaii , particularly on the Island of Hawaii .
Early unmanned hot air balloons were used in China .
Often considered a branch of biology and sociology , it also draws from ethology , anthropology , evolution zoology , archaeology , population genetics , and other disciplines .
The players from the Quebec Bulldogs were <unk> to teams in the new NHL and Mummery was loaned to the Toronto Arena Company .
Chess Records was an American record company .
Gallium arsenide is a compound .
Chūgū was a term which evolved during the Heian period ; and it came to be understood as the title of the empress .
Carmine is the general term for some deep red colors .
The 2008 season saw Piquet promoted to the Renault Formula One race team to drive double World Champion Fernando Alonso .
First , Piper , Orndorff , and Orton made their way to the ring as drums and bagpipes played , causing the crowd to boo .
To celebrate his achievement , Benson was awarded US$ 1,000 and an engraved watch .
His older brother died in 1715 and Charles Emmanuel then became heir apparent .
It commonly refers to the radioactive dust and ash created when a nuclear weapon explodes originate from a damaged nuclear plant .
Russian composer Dmitri Shostakovich was one of the first to incorporate parts for the theremin in orchestral pieces , including a use in his score for the movie Odna ( Russian : Одна - 1931 , Leonid Trauberg and Grigori Kozintsev ) .
Nocturnal insectivores often feed on moths ; these include some bats , some species of owls and other species of birds .
If all of the names on a list are used , storms are then named after the letters of the Greek alphabet ( Alpha , Beta , Gamma , etc. ) .
Her most recent projects are in Katorse , a remake of a movie starring Dina Bonevie and a remake of the 1983 movie Pieta wherein she played Amanda which was originally portrayed by her mentor the late Charito Solis .
The eastern side of the bay , consisting of Alameda and Contra Costa counties , is known locally as the East Bay .
The most common location for early khachkars was in a graveyard .
Ben talks with Otis and says that he found him alone in the meadow , the stars danced .
The Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit is a street circuit around Albert Park Lake .
The Islamic conquest of Persia ( 637-651 ) led to the end of the Sassanid Empire and the decline of the Zoroastrian religion in Persia .
Most conjugative plasmids have systems ensuring that the recipient cell does not already contain a similar element .
It is a key monomer in production of epoxy resins , and in the most common form of <unk> plastic .
She was buried in the Great Malvern Cemetery to the music of Chopin 's Funeral March .
He stated that `` you ca n't get '' appendicitis from eating a piece of metal , but the writers decided to do it anyway .
Stanley Bruce was chosen as leader , and was quickly entered into a coalition with the Country Party .
A traditional superstition that they should either touch or hoist the Campbell ( Western Conference champion ) is that no player should either touch or hoist the Campbell ( Western Conference champion ) or Prince of Wales ( Eastern Conference champion ) Trophies after they have won the conference playoffs ; these players feel that the Stanley Cup is the true championship trophy and thus it should be the only trophy that they should be hoisting .
According to Nurgaliev , `` criminal groups '' which have been neutralized planned to transport the mostly young women to third countries , mainly the United Arab Emirates , via Russia .
On 5 October 1943 , American naval aircraft from Yorktown raided Wake .
That same year he starred in the thriller Nighthawks , in which he plays a New York city cop .
Let us earn the right not to blush , but be proud of our existence abroad .
As a collection of map image-galleries , the Wikiatlas links various sets of maps , such as : maps of Europe , maps of Africa , maps of North America , maps of Asia , maps of Oceania , maps of the U.S.A. , of Italy , of Germany , of China , of Taiwan , plus maps of Texas , etc. .
Its county seat is Newton , and its largest city is Hickory .
He settled in the Sherpa community in Darjeeling .
Mail is delivered twice a week by air mail bag .
The match was played at the City of Manchester Stadium , home ground of Manchester City F.C. , in Manchester , England , at 20:45 CEST ( 19:45 local time ) on 14 May 2008 .
Ryszard Kaczorowski was born 26 November 1919 , in Białystok , Poland .
A spectrophotometer is a photometer that can measure intensity as a function of the light source wavelength .
Four armies were selected for the operation .
Holy Mary , Mother of God , pray for us sinners , now and at the hour of our death .
At the live finale , Brian Heidik was named Sole Survivor , defeating runner-up by a vote of 4-3 .
Around 1959 , he left Chicago and went back to Mississippi to work the farms and raise a family .
After the 2002 season , Barber won Super Bowl XXXVII against the Oakland Raiders .
The final 707 was the 707-320C , ( C for `` Convertible '' ) , which had a large fuselage door for cargo .
It was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999 .
is a song by American singer Usher .
Nourrit was born on 3 March 1802 and raised in Montpellier , Hérault .
An addition to the Test Lab , ( where the SRF cavities used in CEBAF and other accelerators are being constructed .
Early next day , the hurricane reorganized as it reached winds just shy of Category 5 status .
His name was Daveigh Elizabeth Chase-Schwallier in Las Vegas , Nevada , but her name was changed to Daveigh Elizabeth Chase in Las Vegas , Nevada .
In 1922 he accepted an invitation to the United States and work under Adolf Meyer at the Phipps Psychiatric Clinic at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore , Maryland .
That is , for an idempotent element , .
Strains are used in laboratory experiments .
It is not related to the name for the city of Jericho in the Middle East .
Old trees can spread out laterally , using these prop roots to cover a wide area .
With treatment , symptoms should improve within 36 hours .
In three-dimensional space , the dot product contrasts with the cross product of two vectors , which produces a pseudovector as the result .
There is no single `` Bible '' and many Bibles with varying contents exist .
If A consisted of three regions , six or more colors might be required ; one can construct maps that require an arbitrarily high number of colors .
Egypt was never under British administration until 1922 .
Otto Ludwig Preminger ( 5 December 1905 - 23 April 1986 ) was an Austrian theater and movie director .
In the Dominican Republic , officials opened shelters in 15 provinces , with citizens in low-lying areas recommended to stay elsewhere during the passage of the storm ; citizens in 22 communities were evacuated .
Methodology research usually involves three main stages : discovery , optimisation , and studies of scope and limitations .
Capecchi received his Ph.D. in biophysics in 1967 from Harvard University , with his doctoral thesis completed under the tutelage of Watson .
He has left an eyewitness account on the city just after its recapture by the Muhammad Ali , with whom he obtained several interviews .
In 1978 Stoiber was elected secretary general of the CSU , a post he held until 1982\/83 .
In the United States , college men typically compete on 8 km or 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) courses .
Super Smash Bros. was introduced in 1999 for the Nintendo 64 .
The show featured appearances of many stars with whom White has worked over the years .
In 1995 Marco recorded a 45 , `` Home on the Strange '' , in which he reprised his Kelton character for Dionysus Records .
A total of sixteen cannon shots are written into the score of the Overture .
He was born at Dunstable , and entered Trinity College , Oxford .
Some clinics are seen by triage nurse or other health worker .
They are marine gastropod molluscs , with the common names of cone snails , cone shells or cones .
However , she explains , `` He is also in an extreme situation and attempting to defend somebody very good against a violent and murderous opponent . ''
Trains to Stony Point railway station link with a passenger ferry , which runs daily , subject to weather , from Stony Point pier to Tankerton Jetty on French Island .
Piccadilly is a road in London , running from Hyde Park Corner in the west to Piccadilly Circus in the east .
Which in English would loosely translate into : The Founding Junta of the Second Republic , appreciating the noble effort and valuable contribution of San Isidro de El General , feels compelled to make a public and official recognition of such praiseworthy conduct that by no means be it relegated to oblivion , but rather constantly be exalted as great deeds merit of eternal life .
German East Africa was captured by the British during World War I and became Tanganyika , with Dar es Salaam the administrative and commercial center .
Any reaction that decreases the overall Gibbs free energy of a system is thermodynamically spontaneous .
The cathedral has the tallest church spire in the United Kingdom ( 123m\/404 ft ) .
His grandfather had been director of the band of the Scottish Guard .
Earl died on February 23 , 1939 .
Including the tail , it can reach up to 5 m ( 16 ft ) in length .
This is the time interval between two co-local events ( i.e. happening at the same place ) for an observer in some inertial .
Yarrow is two adult children .
A patent attorney is an attorney .
His second studio album , Ready for the Weekend ( 2009 ) , reached number one on the UK Album Chart , and the singles `` Flashback '' and `` You Used to Hold Me '' .
Aaliyah participated in the Children 's Benefit Concert , a charity concert that took place at the Beacon Theatre in New York .
Johnny Aitken holds the record for total wins at the track , with 15 victories ( all on the oval ) , during the 1909 , 1910 , and 1916 .
Other birds , considered to be species of special concern because of their rarity in Yellowstone , include the common loon , harlequin duck , osprey , peregrine falcon and the trumpeter swan .
The impacts of this are widespread and may hinder economic development .
At the time of the first explosion , the race clock at the finish line showed 04:09:43 , reflecting the elapsed time since the Wave 3 start at 10:40 am EDT .
It was decided that McKinney and Henderson would give Shepard a ride home .
A zenith is the direction of reference for measuring the zenith angle , the angle between a direction of interest ( e.g. , a star ) and the local zenith .
She died on May 22 , 1943 and was buried next to the president at Arlington National Cemetery .
Water flowing out of bogs has a characteristic brown color , which comes from dissolved peat tannins .
The center is also the intersection of all the centralizers of each element of G. As centralizers , this again shows that the center is a subgroup .
The Treasurer of Illinois is an elected official of the U.S. state of Illinois .
The Sherman Act was the first Federal act of its kind , and marked a new use of federal government power .
October 9 is not associated with any particular event in Leif Erikson 's life .
The ending also reprises the arpeggiated guitar motif from the end of that track , similar to the figure featured prominently in the George Harrison written tracks `` Here Comes the Sun '' and `` Badge '' ( co-written by Harrison and Eric Clapton ) .
Erinaceids are generally shrew-like in form , with long snouts and short tails .
Woody Bay station was built in part to serve the expected development of a resort at Woody Bay , a mile or so to the north .
This term has slightly different meanings in different countries .
The population density was 211.3 people per square mile ( 81.0 \/ km ² ) .
Lennon said he was surprised at the idea that the song title was a hidden reference to LSD .
In 2006 , Yunus and the Grameen Bank were jointly awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
He attended Richmond Hill High School and graduated in 1941 .
There are 30 Divisions : There are 30 Divisions :
In 1821 he visited the University of Göttingen , but returned home in 1822 to act as his father 's assistant .
On 14 February 1994 the government reorganized yet again , creating twenty-six wilayat ( states ) .
On January 7 , 1610 , Galileo wrote a letter containing the first mention of Jupiter 's moons .
In 1991 , the band signed Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth to produce the record .
Her translation was first published in 1949 .
It describes the wild , windswept countryside .
Their second album , Bone Palace Ballet , was released on September 4 , 2007 .
Coordinates : 53 ° 35 ′ 35 ″ N 2 ° 17 ′ 53 ″ W \/ 53.593 ° N 2.298 ° W \/ 53.593 ; -2.298 Bury \/ ˈbɛri \/ is a town in Greater Manchester , England .
Using Ampere 's law , one can determine the magnetic field associated with a given current or current associated with a given magnetic field , providing there is no time changing electric field .
Several drivers , including Sébastien Bourdais and Fernando Alonso , expressed their concern about the high and harsh kerbs at the chicane at turn 10 of the street circuit .
It was released in the United Kingdom on August 9 , 2012 .
The Ring of Fire is a direct result of plate tectonics and the movement and collisions of lithospheric plates .
At its largest , Tip was nearly half the size of the continental United States .
The genus Felis is currently considered to have five living species , although the domestic cat is sometimes considered a subspecies of F. silvestris .
Churchill sent a telegram to Alexander on 23 September 1942 which began , `` We are in your hands and of course a victorious battle makes amends for much delay . ''
Katona won the 1999 U.S. Goldman Environmental Prize .
He died in Moscow aged 94 .
It was one of the few leftist Labor councillors to remain on the GLC , which fell into Conservative hands under Horace Cutler .
<unk> Festinger 's theory of cognitive dissonance focuses on how humans come for internal consistency .
Fulk 's son Geoffrey Plantagenet , Count of Anjou inherited Maine .
The world 's largest slum city is in Mexico City .
Columbus is known for directing such as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone ( 2001 ) .
Low-voltage circuit breakers are also made for direct-current ( DC ) applications , such as DC for subway lines .
Many spiritual practices refer to this peace as an experience of knowing oneself .
Managers Martin O'Neill , Jim Duffy and Walter Smith were among those who called for the winter break to be reinstated .
The painting preceded his similar An Experiment on a Bird in the National Gallery ( National Gallery , London ) .
Gauss decided on the Roman virgin goddess of home and hearth , Vesta .
The prototype was named Duke of Gloucester .
The moon is much smaller than Eugenia , about 13 km in diameter , and takes five days to complete an orbit around it .
Snow leopards are crepuscular , being most active at dawn and dusk .
In 1996 , this same stadium competed with Wembley Stadium to buy funding to become the new national stadium , but the money was used to redevelop Wembley .
Within the ice ages ( or at least within the current one ) , more temperate and more severe periods occur .
Hitler later commented : `` Certain foreign newspapers have said that we fell on Austria with brutal methods .
These body uses chemical reactions to break some carbohydrates such as glycogen in muscle tissue into lactic acid .
Starting at the Annual General Meeting of the Hassocks Amenity Association , there was a talk was given on the work of Weald and Downland Open Air Museum .
Haines ran away from home at the age of 14 , accompanied by an unidentified young man .
Whereas previously the commons had been expected simply to assent to decisions already made by the magnates , it was now proclaimed that they should meet with the full authority ( plena potestas ) of their communities , to give assent to decisions made in Parliament .
Joan Waste ( born <unk> ) was a blind woman who was burned in Derby for refusing to renounce her Protestant faith .
Its trunk rarely grows straight , with many branches , often originating quite far down on the trunk .
Doing so confirms IQ gains over time .
Two years later Fool 's Garden issued their third album Dish of the Day , scoring a European and Asian chart hit with `` Lemon Tree '' .
Among these classes of prostitutes were the auletrides : female dancers , acrobats , and musicians , noted for dancing naked in an alluring fashion in front of audiences of men .
The same applies to the breakdown of many chemical explosives into more unstable compounds .
The resulting vote on suspending Baldwin for 24 hours failed 71-72 .
and Jenny in Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing with Children 's Theatre of Maine and Maine State Music Theater .
Buford is a suburb in Gwinnett county .
Escobar 's influence allowed him to make a well-timed escape .
abruptly worsened at T +412 seconds the Instrument Unit shut it down altogether .
On November 26 , 1983 Quiet Riot became the first heavy metal band to have a top 5 hit and No. 1 album in the same week .
Developments in the following decades include the application of statistical mechanics to chemical systems and work on colloids and surface chemistry , where Irving Langmuir made many contributions .
An integer interval that has a far lower or upper endpoint always includes that endpoint .
In 1990 , he joined the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army of which he became a deputy commander .
Choreography is the art of making dances , and the person who does this is called a choreographer .
Wanting to get her hands on Vachon , Sable double teamed Goldust with a boot to the face after an Irish whip from Mero but could not get Vachon to enter the ring .
Other important population centers in Chiapas include San Cristóbal de las Casas , Comitán , and Tapachula .
Her last London concerts were in February 1973 , including the Elgar Concerto with Zubin Mehta and the New Philharmonia Orchestra .
-571 AD ) , the 29th emperor , is the first for which contemporary historiography is able to assign verifiable dates ; however , the conventionally accepted names and dates of the early emperors .
Later , it was worn by many leaders like Lokmanya Tilak , J.S. Karandikar , D.D. Sathye , Tatyasaheb Kelkar and Datto Vaman Potdar .
He gave the movie a low rating of 39 out of 100 based on 24 reviews from mainstream critics .
The tournament is the third host to win the tournament after Uruguay in 1930 and to date it is the only major championship England has won .
The pleas of Reporters Without Borders remained unheard .
In 2002 he also raced one race of Brazilian Formula Renault .
In 1623 Jan Carstenz made his way west across the Gulf of Carpentaria to what is believed to be Groote Eylandt .
The high waves washed away five beachfront homes .
A nail is homologous to a claw but is flatter .
This victory brought him 2000 pesetas .
Richelieu was also famous for his patronage of the arts ; most notably , he founded the Académie Française , the learned society responsible for matters pertaining to the French language .
The name Cool Silly comes from the band 's ideology that `` a person ca n't be cool unless they 're silly as well '' .
As a literary figure , Parandowski began writing in Lwow in 1913 , though he came to experience international prominence after his much cited Mythology in 1924 .
Jamaica is divided into 14 parishes , which are grouped into three historic counties .
Sale has been described as `` one of the intellectual godfathers of the secessionist movement . ''
This means that the parties involved do not oppose each other .
These ideals , unconventional for the time , are captured in Cornell 's motto , a popular 1865 Ezra Cornell quotation : `` I would found an institution where any person can find instruction in any study . ''
The most important part of the temple was the sanctuary , which usually contained a cult image , a statue of its god .
Stover was drafted by the New York Giants with the 329th selection ( 12th round ) in the 1990 NFL Draft .
In the quarterfinals , he won a complex struggle on the black side of the Najdorf Defense in game three <unk> 1\/2 and advance to the semifinals , where he faced American Gata Kamsky .
He competed in a mini-tournament to face the WWE Tag Team Champions John Morrison and The Miz .
It was established as a devotion with prayers already formulated and special exercises , found in the writings of Lanspergius ( d. 1539 ) of the Carthusians of Cologne ; the Louis of Blois ( Blosius , 1566 ) , a Benedictine and Abbot of Liessies in Hainaut , John of Avila ( d. 1569 ) and St. Francis de Sales , the latter belonging to the seventeenth century .
Near-complete surprise was achieved by a combination of Allied overconfidence , preoccupation with Allied offensive plans , and poor aerial reconnaissance .
An omnivorous and opportunistic and opportunistic feeder , it eats a wide variety of plant material and invertebrates .
Her marriage brought in a wealth of treasures into the House of Medici which can today be seen in the Palazzo Pitti and the Uffizi Gallery in Florence .
The idea of painting lines to separate lanes is now in use all over the world .
On 29 February 1944 , Wojtyła was hit by a German truck .
He was persuaded to name it Lancaster by a relative who migrated from Lancaster , Pennsylvania .
The only way to win is by pinfall or submission inside the ring .
After the Battle of Baltimore , the city 's population grew rapidly .
In 1961 the American children 's anthology TV series Shirley Temple 's Storybook ( hosted by Shirley Temple ) included an adaptation of Pippi Longstocking .
Peiper 's unit was delayed and his vehicles denied critically needed .
It caused 121 deaths .
Chatham County ( local \/ ˌtʃætəm \/ CHA-təm ) is a county in the Piedmont area of the U.S. state of North Carolina .
It includes Northumberland , County Durham , Tyne and Wear , and Teesside .
The event gained media attention weeks prior when a photo of Wayne Gretzky , then head coach of the Phoenix Coyotes , wearing a shirt promoting the event surfaced in the Swedish newspaper Expressen .
These relays typically have 5 to 36 legs , each usually between 5 and 10 kilometres ( 3-6 miles ) long , though sometimes as long as 10 miles .
At the 2008 Skate America , Kim was placed first in the short program with a score of 69.50 .
Its county seat is Morganton .
The hectic travel schedule also placed a burden on his relationship with Isum , with whom he could now communicate only by letter .
It was announced as an independent series after Demi Lovato left the parent series , Sonny with a Chance .
This recreational use of Can-D allows colonists to experience a few minutes of an idealized life on Earth by participating in a collective hallucination .
His father was a soldier .
His education and scientific work were killed by service in the German military during both World War I and World War II .
However , on 16 September , Renault announced they would not contest the charges , and that both Briatore and Symonds had left the team .
It was discovered on September 9 , 1892 by Edward Emerson Barnard and named after Amalthea , a nymph in Greek mythology .
Modern research ( 2004 ) into the history and archaeology of Derby has provided evidence that the Vikings and Anglo-Saxons probably co-existed , occupying two areas of land surrounded by water .
Mrs. White wrote the following words in a 1977 letter : `` We have never ceased to regret that your version of `` Charlotte 's Web '' never got made .
However , all venture capital is private equity , but not all private equity is venture capital .
Carpets continued in Kilmarnock were internationally known for their quality and intricacy since the late 19th century .
It was released on May 11 , 2010 .
In the following decades he painted many portraits of the Saudi royal family as well as scenes of Riyadh and Bedouin life .
Beginning with the 2007-2008 television season , the final 48 episodes would have been aired as three seasons with 16 episodes each , with Lost concluding in its sixth season .
A raft of upgrades were set for Turkey , including an improved regenerative braking system ( KERS ) and a double deck diffuser .
The 1961 eruption of Queen Mary 's Peak forced the evacuation of the entire population via Cape Town to England .
Sean Parnell ( born November 19 , 1962 ) is an American politician .
He wrote music for A Midsummer Night 's Dream and the Italian Symphony .
Minor damage was reported in Anguilla .
The Intercontinental Cup was a football official competition endorsed by UEFA and CONMEBOL .
They separated in 1780 .
She dropped the guitar and became a part of Alexander Hamilton High School 's Academy of Music 's Vocal Jazz Group .
The Norman Lear said , `` No one gave more profound ` how to be a human being ' lessons than Jean Stapleton . ''
The most significant predator of Barred Owls is the Great Horned variation .
Between these degrees he worked as a demonstrator and part-time lecturer at the University of St. Andrew 's Natural History Department .
This line of position is called the `` radial '' from the VOR .
When the series debuted , it was rated the best animated television series in its demographic ; new episodes averaged 3.1 million viewers each .
The Diocese of Exeter is a Church of England diocese covering the county of Devon .
The writer 's talent and moral courage that permeates his writings earned him endorsements for the Nobel Prize nomination from the Nobel Prize nomination from , among others , Nobel Prize laureates Joseph Brodsky and Czesław Miłosz .
After the general election in November 2006 , Mr John Shimmin MHK ( Minister for Health and Social Security ) and Mr David Cannan MHK ( former Minister for the Treasury ) sought nomination as Chief Minister , but none received the necessary majority of votes in Tynwald .
Flory introduced the concept of excluded volume , coined by Werner Kuhn in 1934 , to polymers .
In total he has scored 14 points in Formula One .
A dupatta is traditionally worn across both shoulders .
Mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of Mexican pastries known as pan dulce or with churros .
Beware the Hurricane !
They are called a clathrate .
Almost immediately , the commune 's leadership became embroiled in conflicts with local residents ( primarily over land use ) , which were marked by hostility on both sides .
In 1960-1989 he was a member of National Assembly , later Federal Assembly .
Migration has continued under the form of both voluntary migration within one 's region , country , or beyond and involuntary migration .
My article is about a notable company and is not advertising My proposed article could be considered advertising ( help ! ) )
Associated species in the Sydney Basin include blackbutt ( Eucalyptus pilularis ) in open forest , and the shrubs Empodisma minus and Baloskion australe in swampy areas .
It has its own Mass Rapid Transit station , the Bishan , on the North South Line and Circle Line .
It came into being in 1707 , shortly after the unification of the kingdoms of England and Scotland , forming Great Britain .
The Iroquois League has also been known as the Iroquois <unk> .
They instantly wanted Selena to record it for her album .
In winning the third stage he became the first Briton to hold the green jersey for two days in a row .
For example , at UTC time Thursday 10:15 , it is Wednesday 23:15 in American Samoa , ( UTC-11 ) , and Friday 00:15 in Kiritimati ( UTC +14 ) .
Same is the case when the President by reason of absence from Pakistan or any other cause is unable to perform his functions .
This is a slight difference in the vocabulary , and Specialized is more international .
Her mother , Viera Fischer ( née Krenková ) , came from the German minority in Slovakia and immigrated from Košice , Slovakia , to the Federal Republic of Germany in 1972 .
As the roof of the mouth was once considered the seat of the sense of taste , palate can also refer to this sense itself , as in the phrase `` a discriminating palate '' .
Cougars may live as long as 20 years in captivity .
Jupiter 's moon Europa and Saturn 's moon Europa may also harbor lakes or oceans below a thick crust of ice .
Terence Henry Stamp ( born 22 July 1938 ) is an English actor .
The Proto-Renaissance begins with the professional life of the painter Giotto and Altichiero .
William Polk Carey ( May 11 , 1930 - January 2 , 2012 ) was an American philanthropist and businessman .
Germanicus ' legions inflicted huge casualties on the Germanic armies while only minor losses .
His prime time as a chess player was the mid-1980s .
This series was narrated by John Barrowman in character as Captain Jack Harkness .
Oil shale , formed by the slow anoxic deposition of mud and dead vegetation on the lake bed .
Some of the ideas developed for the 747X were used on the 747-400ER .
Representing its move into the heartland , the 1965 summer convention was held at Kewadin , a small camp in Northern Michigan .
In 1669 , at the age of 20 , Blow became organist of Westminster Abbey .
Arachnids are further distinguished from insects by the fact they do not have antennae or wings .
The New English Translation ( or NET Bible ) is a project to describe the Bible using the Bible .
In 1907 , he described , for the first time , the additional or supernumerary chromosomes , now called B-chromosomes .
Taking place millions of years ago , it is a fictional story of a band of extinct hominids .
Most commonly an MO is represented as a linear combination of atomic orbitals ( the LCAO-MO method ) , especially in qualitative or very approximate usage .
Luna 1 has radio equipment including a tracking transmitter and telemetry .
In an attempt to break the momentum of what had turned into ratings domination by Nitro , Extreme Championship Wrestling ( ECW ) was brought in as Jerry Lawler challenged ECW on February 17 , 1997 .
In 1987 Rau tried to become chancellor of Germany for the SPD , but his refusal to contemplate forming a coalition with the Green Party meant he could not win the elections against Helmut Kohl 's Christian Democrats ( CDU ) .
However , del Toro has said that the faun in the movie is not Pan .
An elevator large enough for Franklin D. Roosevelt 's automobile provides access to the platform .
In 2010 , Alim Qasimov was nominated for the United States National Public Radio 's `` 50 great voices in recorded history '' award .
The deputy director was Dr Schacht , Minister of Economy under Nazism .
In 1999 it was the 13th most-cited university in the world .
He exhibited his masterpiece , `` Episode of the Belgian Revolution of 1830 '' or rather `` Episode of the September Days of 1830 on the Grand Place of Brussels '' , ( Museum of Ancient Art , Brussels ) at the Antwerp Salon in 1834 .
Aung San Lin and Aung San Oo was in Rangoon .
A Christmas decoration is any of several types of decorations used at Christmas time .
Samuel H. Kress opened his first `` stationery and notions '' store in Nanticoke , Pennsylvania in 1887 .
In one study of Florida eagles , adult Bald Eagles reportedly 100 % annual survival rate .
In Manning 's interpretation , the second toe claw would be used as a climbing aid when subduing bigger prey and also as stabbing weapon .
The Rock got up to his feet and followed this with a Rock Bottom and a pin on Austin , to which the referee woke up and groggily counted the three count .
However , overnight , the storm rapidly weakened and the JMA downgraded it into a minor tropical storm the next day .
In 1893 , Chicago hosted the World 's Columbian Exposition on former marshland of Jackson Park .
Lebanon has been in most Winter Olympic Games since 1948 .
A team of six contestants take part in a series of challenges in order to win `` time crystals '' .
Most of the individual episodes were directed by Ethan Spaulding , Lauren MacMullan and Giancarlo Volpe .
Smuts returned to South African politics after the conference .
His father , grandfather and great-grandfather made music for weddings , bar mitzvahs , and holiday celebrations in the shtetls of Eastern Europe .
Benson co-wrote the movie The Theory of the Leisure Class with director Gabriel Bologna .
Check spent the rest of his career with the Ottawa `` Senior '' Senators of the QSHL , after having his contract re-purchased by the Canadiens and being loaned out .
Many Roman archeological finds the goddess Venus in a bikini Venus in a bikini .
John von Neumann was his assistant .
During his imprisonment , Hitler dictated and then wrote his book Mein Kampf with assistance from his deputy , Rudolf Hess .
In fact , the infrared spectrum is divided into two regions .
The band is based in Portland , Oregon .
The impact severely damaged an area of the Pentagon and caused much fire .
The house where he stayed in Vianden , Luxembourg , in 1871 has also become a commemorative museum .
This constitution remained in effect until the dissolution of the Prussian kingdom in 1918 .
After the end of the Cold War , the department 's attention also turned toward radioactive waste disposal and maintenance of environmental quality .
Outside the Western world , in June 2001 , the Hassan Bek Mosque was the target of vandalism and attacks by hundreds of Israelis .
( August 6 , 1180 - March 28 , 1239 ) was the 82nd emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Together with the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic it forms the Elbe Sandstone Mountains .
This reduced the distance by 18.688 metres ( 61.31 ft ) , and Rain Lover 's 1968 race record of 3min .19.1 sec was accordingly adjusted to 3min .17.9 sec .
When the female is ready to lay eggs , she will generally stop eating and spend most of her time trying to dig .
Alyosha , Alyoshka , Alyoshenka , Alyoshechka , Alexeichik , Lyosha , and Lyoshenka .
In August 1921 it underwent a final overhaul linked to the creation of a head of state titled the President of the Republic .
The Pulitzer Prize for Fiction is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes .
Magma reached the surface of the volcano about October 11 , 2004 .
He studied philosophy at Rhodes under Archelaus and became fluent in Greek .
By convention , the direction of the vector area is given by the right hand grip rule .
In addition , Toy Story 2 was released on the same day in the same format , which had a small feature on the `` Characters of Toy Story 3 '' .
Our Lady of La Salette ( French : Notre-Dame de La Salette ) is a Marian apparition which occurred at La Salette-Fallavaux , France .
First Hsing Hsing and Ling Ling in 1972 , and , since 2000 , Mei Xiang and Tian Tian .
c4 e6 3 .
Just outside the Institute is `` Dino-Sue '' , a casting of a Tyrannosaurus rex fossil that is the most complete yet found .
This would allow up to four instructions to be `` in flight '' at one time , making the processor look four times as fast .
For any alphabet there is only one word of length 0 , the empty word , which is often used by e , ε or λ .
The Wikiatlas was designed , during extended discussions on the Wikimedia website , beginning in 2003 .
First appearing in The Brave and the Bold # 28 ( February\/March 1960 ) , the Justice League originally featured Superman , Batman , Wonder Woman , Flash ( Barry Allen ) , and the Martian # 28 ( February\/March 1960 ) .
Significantly , on the plate we can see a pair of scales that help the observer make the equation of time .
Some Shakespearean scholars speculate on the relationship between Hamnet and his father 's later play Hamlet , as well as on possible connections between Hamnet 's death and the writing of King John , Romeo and Juliet , Julius Caesar , and Twelfth Night .
In normalized scientific notation , the exponent b is chosen so that the absolute value of a remains at least one but less than ten ( 1 ≤ a ( 10 ) .
The first NXT Champion was crowned on July 26 , 2012 , with Seth Rollins defeating Jinder Mahal in the tournament finals .
This house was all alone on the point , almost off the land , with just enough land for a small garden .
As a result , cellular phone use is very common throughout the country .
It was as a staff officer for Major General George B. McClellan that Custer was promoted to the rank of captain .
In such animals , the eyes often move independently to increase the field of view .
Carnotaurus was well adapted for running and was possibly one of the fastest large theropods .
The American Robin is active during the day and assembles in large flocks at night .
It is the poorest country in the Americas as measured by the Human Development Index .
The peninsula measures approximately 14 miles ( 23 km ) x 14 miles ( 23 km ) .
The narrow skull suggests that Pederpes breathed by inhaling with a muscular action like most modern tetrapods , rather than by pumping air into the lungs with a throat pouch the way many modern amphibians do .
This condition is a medical emergency that can cause steadily worsening oxygen shortage and low blood pressure .
Xangsane then passed through the Philippine islands , wreaking havoc and becoming the strongest typhoon to directly impact Metro Manila in eleven years .
Although many people are often very cooperative , there are limits , and when facing a massive confrontation , the situation can seem hopelessly deadlocked .
He also crashed on the penultimate lap of the Monaco Grand Prix whilst running in 10th place .
This draft is now in the Lincoln Room of the White House , a gift to Oscar B. Cintas , former Cuban Ambassador to the United States .
It is part of the Macon County bridge .
The tightly packed and highly charged sulfate groups of chondroitin sulfate generate electrostatic repulsion .
In general , mathematical calculations are performed by aligning a mark on the sliding central strip with a mark on one of the fixed strips , and then observing the relative positions of other marks on the strips .
Ultraman was followed by many other series .
This slow movement of the financial system from stability to fragility , followed by crisis .
In 2007 , authors could compete in three categories : short story , poetry and essay .
The definition of a dilemma differs markedly from everyday usage .
There are four types of solar eclipses .
There are 267 pupils attending the school .
Longevity has been a topic not only for the scientific community but also for writers of travel , science fiction , and utopian novels .
I was so happy when I was told I was gone ( fired ) . ''
The New Jersey Devils defeated the defending champion Dallas Stars for their second Stanley Cup championship .
Observations of atmospheric composition are increasingly made by satellites with important instruments such as GOME and MOPITT giving a global picture of air pollution and chemistry .
Just before merging to merging , the lowest pressure in relation to the storm was recorded at 986 mbar ( hPa ; 29.12 inHg ) .
The Buildings were still furnished at the time .
In the 2011 book , Chavs : the author surmised that the word is an attack on the poor .
New Bern has four historic districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places ; their numerous contributing buildings include residences , stores and churches dating back to the early eighteenth century .
After work began , the finished universe was ready to house hundreds of staff members in approximately 170,000 square feet ( 16,000 m2 ) of space , furnished with marble , paintings , sculptures , and other gifts from PAHO member nations .
All the storm signals were discontinued later that day .
It was named for Saint Nicholas by Spanish explorer Sebastián Vizcaíno after he sighted the island on the saint 's feast day ( December 6 ) in 1602 .
As they travel to Alturia a young couple are looking for somewhere quiet , they find the cave and enter .
The `` pocket battleships '' Admiral Graf Spee and Admiral Scheer were important as commerce raiders only in the opening year of the war .
The Code of Hammurabi is the longest surviving text from the Old Babylonian period .
In the home areas of the Sorbs , both languages are officially equal to German .
She married Infante Philip , younger son of Philip V of Spain , and later became Duchess of Parma .
A cuttlefish possesses an internal structure called the cuttlebone , which is porous and is made of aragonite .
Although he managed to kill the <unk> , he was struck in the arm by a dagger feared to be poisoned , and became severely weakened over the following months .
He calculated the circumference of the Earth without leaving Egypt .
New Super Mario Bros. .
He favored unconventional tactics , frequently winning cities over by treachery or negotiation rather than by siege .
Along with this , some studies have found that women have a more responsive immune system and are more prone to mucosal dryness and facial erythema .
It was nominated for four Oscars .
At least 1.7 million acres of arable land was flooded as a result of the flooding .
Bloody Sunday ( Irish : Domhnach na Fola ) lives in 1972 in the Bogside area of Derry .
Heinrich Ludwig Hermann Müller ( 1829-1883 ) was a German botanist who provided important evidence for Darwin 's theory of evolution .
Its catchment area is 7,200 hectares ( 18,000 acres ) , and the catchment area of the dam is 13,900 square kilometres ( 5,400 sq mi ) .
, February 25 , 1835 - July 2 , 1924 ) was the 4th Prime Minister of Japan .
The Nationalist Party held government ( at example in coalition ) until 1929 .
Santa Ana 's Stryper achieved wide success in the 1980s .
61 % of Sheffield 's entire area is green space , and a third of the city is within the Peak District national park .
It is inside a bend of the Brisbane River , approximately 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from its mouth at Moreton Bay .
First published in 1941 , the book tells the story of a pair of mallards who decide to raise their family on an island in the lagoon in Boston Public Garden , a park in the center of Boston .
There is a small but apparently increasing population of at least 15-25 animals of this rare cat in the park .
The Domain Name System ( DNS ) is a species of songbird .
`` Standard arguments would predict that R&D intensity and productivity should have increased among patenting firms .
At the time of the GRU 's creation , Lenin infuriated the Cheka ( predecessor of the KGB ) by ordering it not to interfere with the GRU 's operations .
But New York state had a long history of supported higher education prior to the creation of the SUNY system .
Not only Urdu poetry but the prose is also indebted to Mirza Ghalib .
His paternal grandparents immigrated to the US from the Portuguese islands of Azores .
Donald Jay `` Don '' Rickles ( born May 8 , 1926 ) is an American stand-up comedian and actor .
The Deccan Traps of central India , the Siberian Traps , and the Columbia River Plateau of western North America are three regions covered by prehistoric flood basalts .
The series proved popular with American audiences and critical response .
Both specimens are currently in the collection of the Mongolian Geological Institute in Ulaanbaatar , Mongolia .
It stars with Apple 's Mac OS X. Mainstream desktop environments for Unix-like operating systems using the X Window System include KDE , GNOME , Xfce , and LXDE .
Budai drops his bag .
Since 2005 , Fabio Luisi has held the post of chief conductor .
In 1781 the British government bought the former ranger 's house in Phoenix Park to act as a personal residence for the Lord Lieutenant .
It is one of the most often played symphonies .
Therefore , to make explosives stable for longer periods , or to keep rubber bands springy , or to force bacteria to slow down their growth , they can be cooled .
In June 1996 , Braxton released her second and most successful album , Secrets .
The titular Wheel of Fortune is a roulette-style wheel mechanism with 24 spaces , plus a top dollar value : $ 2,500 in Round 1 , $ 3,500 in Rounds 2 and 3 , and $ 5,000 for Round 4 and any subsequent rounds .
d4 Nf6 2 .
It is located in the central part of the district .
It is said to be the southern branch from the historical Bodhi tree Sri Maha Bodhi at Bodh Gaya in India under which Lord Buddha reached Enlightenment .
In 2007 , Lil B and The Pack released its first album , Based Boys .
At the Europeans , Joubert noticed many by winning the bronze medal .
As part of the Treaty of Paris ( 1814 ) Malta became a British colony , ultimately rejecting an attempted integration with the United Kingdom in 1956 .
In February 2009 , Hugo Boss Fragrances said Miller would be the new ambassador for their women 's BOSS Orange women 's perfume .
The caterpillar is banded with yellow , black , and white stripes .
It has been estimated that well over 10,000 may exist on continental slopes and abyssal plains .
The initial resistance offered by the garrison prompted the Japanese Navy to detach the aircraft carriers Sōryū and Hiryū from the force that attacked Pearl Harbor to support the second landing attempt .
These forces then proceeded to take Mecca and Medina .
Feidman married Ora Bat-Chaim , his personal manager , in 1975 .
The year saw the release of a movie biography of Robinson 's life , The Jackie Robinson Story , in which Robinson played himself , and actress Ruby Dee played Rachael `` Rae '' ( Isum ) Robinson .
The 2008-09 season was used in which the new `` Powered by Ferrari '' A1GP car was used .
It had a limited release on February 22 , 1973 in New York City , and also released in West Germany on March 30 , 1973 .
Main-sequence stars vary in surface temperature from approximately 2,000 to 50,000 , whereas more-evolved stars can have temperatures above 100,000 K. Physically , whereas the classes indicate the temperature of the star 's atmosphere and are normally listed from hottest to coldest , as is done in the following table .
Like other successful athletes of ancient Greece , Milo was the subject of fantastic tales of strength and power , some , perhaps , based upon misinterpretations of his statues .
It 's a fun song , but it 's kind of a drag because Maxwell keeps on destroying everyone like his girlfriend then the school teacher , and then , finally , the judge . ''
Also among Virgin Interactive alumni are famed video game composer Tommy Tallarico , artist Doug TenNapel , designer David Bishop , animator Bill Kroyer , animator\/artists Andy Luckey and Mike Dietz and programmer Andy Astor .
It provides ventilation for hot flue gases or smoke from a boiler , stove , furnace or <unk> .
Oscar Tschirky , the famed maître d'hôtel , was so impressed with the dish that he put it on the breakfast and luncheon menus but substituted ham for the bacon and a toasted English muffin for the toast .
<unk> may be more casually called , in Australia , Reg Grundys ( rhyming slang for undies ) and Reginalds , and , in the United Kingdom , smalls ( from the earlier smallclothes ) and ( historically ) unmentionables .
During this period , fish constituted about half of the settlers ' diet , together with vegetables and fruits cultivated from small cleared parcels of land .
Saints ' personal belongings may also be used as relics .
She achieved her greatest push alongside Matt and Jeff Hardy .
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1953 .
Sculptures of the image can be found at many places , see list of Love sculptures .
The club 's traditional rivals in the city are Stoke City , and games between the two clubs are known as the `` Potteries derby '' .
Afonso married Beatrice of Castile ( 1293-1359 ) in 1309 , daughter of Sancho IV , King of Castile , and María de Molina and had four sons and three daughters .
Jibril became the leader of the military wing of the PFLP-GC and was killed .
The Caledonian Forest is the name given to the great boreal forest of Scotland .
The village also has a strong history of Methodism and at one stage there were three Methodist chapels in the village .
Pectinidae live in the world .
In Gadeb , Ethiopia , fragments of welded tuff that appeared to have been burned were found in Locality 8E .
These groups had the advantage of remote geography and river access from the mouth of the Amazon ( which was in Portuguese territory ) .
Before its destruction in the earthquake of 226 BC , the Colossus of Rhodes stood over 30 meters ( 98 feet ) high , making it one of the tallest statues of the ancient world .
This radiogenic helium is trapped with natural gas .
In 1982 , Figueroa was hired by NASA and was named Head of the Cryogenics Technology Section at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland .
This gained the approval of Maj. Gen. John Schofield on December 6 , 1864 .
They will keep for at least a week if stored in an airtight container .
Oxygen began to persist in the atmosphere in small quantities shortly ( ~ 50 million years ) before the start of the GOE .
Insulators with a larger band gap , usually greater than 3 eV , are not considered semiconductors and generally do not exhibit semiconductive behavior under practical conditions .
He and the Knights finished the post-season by losing in the OHL 's Western Conference final to the Plymouth Whalers of 7 series .
After the expulsion of the Germans in 1945 , the town was officially renamed Havlíčkův Brod ( Ford of Havlíček ) in honor of the 19th century writer Karel Havlíček Borovský .
The Angara 1.1 version was expected to be completed first ; its first launch was scheduled to take place in 2013 from the <unk> <unk> .
`` Always Mine '' 's lyrics are about teenage love and facing negative peer pressure from friends who taunt Selena on ending her happy relationship .
He served during the Civil War as a chief boatswain 's mate on the USS Vincennes .
Henry studied first under Captain 1674 and afterwards under Pelham Humfrey ( d. 1674 ) , Cooke 's successor .
He had been suffering from depression for some time and had received professional treatment .
Its large size consumed a lot of manuscript space in a time when writing materials were very costly .
In the series finale , `` The Pandorica Opens '' \/ `` The Big Bang '' , Rory reappears in 102 AD as a Roman centurion .
In the winter of 1845 , war broke out between the British and the Sikhs .
John Dee ( 13 July 1527 - 1608 or 1609 ) was a mathematician , astronomer , astrologer , occultist , navigator , imperialist and adviser to Queen Elizabeth I of Welsh .
Vandenberg co-wrote the entire album with Coverdale , but a wrist injury sidelined him from contributing the solo guitar work .
It is a carved woman 's head as part of the scroll at the top of the pegbox .
They accept that evolutionary change is possible within what they call `` kinds '' ( `` microevolution '' ) .
To arouse students ' interest in Putonghua , the school offers Putonghua Day , Tongue-Twisters , Putonghua Class , Singing Contest , Putonghua Broadcast and Putonghua Corner .
In 1997 he moved to Gran Canaria .
The sandstone for this temple , including all the columns , was transported from Gebel Silsila 100 miles ( 161 km ) south on the Nile river .
Its lowest pitch is about two octaves below middle C , or the lowest note on the cello .
The poem is written by Ligeia .
A few months later , they both became ill , possibly with the sweating sickness which was sweeping the area .
They have slightly different properties .
It won the first Tony Award for Best Musical .
The network has 25 universities in 10 countries :
<unk> spreading helps explain continental drift in the theory of plate tectonics .
came from the writing and conceptualization of this creative team .
There he discovered two skull fragments without the Australopithecine sagittal crest , which Mary connected with Broom 's and Robinson 's Telanthropus .
The most common compound of chlorine , sodium chloride ( common salt ) , has been known since ancient times .
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate fastest lap )
Several nearly complete skeletons have been found .
They lived in Albany , New York and had four children .
They won the Bonsang Award at the 2010 Billboard Japan Music Awards .
At age 18 she originated the role of Dinah the Dining in the 1987 Broadway production of Starlight Express .
In a favorable environment over warm waters , It rapidly intensified , reaching tropical storm intensity the same day it formed .
In the east the Iller-Lech Plateau borders on the Lower Bavarian Uplands and Isar-Inn Gravel ( unit D65 on the map ) .
This part of the beach protects the low-lying village from flooding .
The practice rapidly grew in popularity after the Anheuser-Busch company 's heavily marketed `` Born-On dates '' in 1996 .
The name `` sassafras '' was Nicolas Monardes in the 16th century .
Kadesh , however , soon reverted to Hittite control because the Egyptians did not or could not maintain a permanent military occupation of Kadesh and Amurru which were close to the Hittite homelands .
Orchestral overdubs were added 15 August , and the closing piano and accompanying on 18 August .
According to theory , the move from the sea to fresh water had probably occurred by the Pennsylvanian subperiod .
Laying into the Acts in his Report , Madison described many breaches of constitutional limits .
The Billboard Hot 100 is still the standard by which a song 's popularity is measured in the United States .
Landis was also faith in a test using his backup sample .
He was born at Torre Annunziata in the province of Naples .
Mussaurus possesses anatomical features suggesting anatomical features .
In the following years , working with Morris Travers , he discovered neon , krypton , and xenon .
Over half of the ecoregions in the Global 200 are rated endangered .
Steve Glenn `` Steve '' Martin ( born August 14 , 1945 ) is an American actor .
Even at the university , Grabowski had developed a far-reaching literary interest , joining the Slavic Literary Society ( Towarzystwo Literacko-Słowianskie ) .
<unk> joules equal to a watt-hour .
He is called Petrarch .
On April 21 , 2007 , 114 met with the 2nd-oldest Indiana inhabitant and then 5th-oldest living person in the world , Bertha Fry .
These frogs lack adhesive <unk> discs found in the tree frogs .
An estimated 40 % of the country 's water supply goes towards irrigating it , with production increasing by about 10 % to 15 % every year .
Halo 2 is made by Bungie Studios .
Division II is an intermediate-level division of competition in the National Collegiate Athletic Association .
They are ovoviviparous , giving birth to six young at a time .
Lieutenant-Colonel George Gawler ( 21 July 1795 - 7 May 1869 ) was the second governor of South Australia .
In Savannah a few minor traffic accidents .
This tells them that the version of him that died had been a robot duplicate .
The first Medal was awarded in 1957 to Edward Ardizzone for Tim All Alone ( Oxford , 1956 ) , which he also wrote .
Taking maximum advantage of the constricting terrain and armed with a seemingly inexhaustible supply of mines , General Hube withdrew his XIV Panzer Corps in orderly phases toward Messina .
Artificial satellites originate from more than 50 countries and have used the moon .
His father was born in Kansas City , Kansas .
It was released by ARK Music Factory as Black 's debut single .
Armand David ( Père David ) in 1866 was first made in 1866 by Armand David ( Père David ) , a French missionary working in China .
It has been practiced by both right-wing and left-wing political parties , nationalistic groups , religious groups , and ruling governments .
There are two types of plastics : thermoplastics and thermosetting polymers .
Robert James Smith ( born 21 April 1959 ) is an English musician .
In 99 BC , Sima Qian became embroiled in the Li Ling affair , where Li Ling and Li Guangli ( 李广利 ) , two military officers who led a campaign against the Xiongnu in the north , were defeated and taken captive .
The Holy Rosary Church remains standing and continues to draw a heavily Italian congregation along with its `` Casa Italia '' cultural center next door .
The major parties were the Democratic Party , led by Andrew Jackson , and the Whig Party , assembled by Henry Clay from the National Republicans and other opponents of Jackson .
Even when his mother married a new husband in the mid-1880s , he was not brought back to live with her , but was reared instead by his grandmother Elizabeth Coll , her son Patrick and her daughter Hannie , in County Limerick .
Starting with peaceful petitioning , the disturbance quickly escalated to riots , strikes , looting , incendiary bombings of police stations and government offices .
`` Equal Just Under Law '' It is not slanted by prejudice or bias of any kind MK Sun Man-Kwan ( Kenneth Ma ) .
Kingston had been a fan of Doctor Who as a child .
At 19 months old she contracted an illness described by doctors as `` an acute congestion of the stomach and the brain '' , which might have been scarlet fever or meningitis .
He fought his way through the northern tribes to the foothills of the Pyrenees , subduing the tribes through clever mountain tactics and fighting fighting .
With the release of her debut single `` Back & Forth '' , Dimitri Ehrlich of Entertainment Weekly expressed that Aaliyah 's `` silky vocals are more agile than those of self-proclaimed queen of hip-hop soul Mary J. Blige . ''
The Coliseum hosted the Olympic Games twice , in 1932 and 1984 .
The British and World Marbles Championship has been held at Tinsley Green , West Sussex , England , every year since 1932 .
According to tradition , the Umayyad family ( also known as the Banu Abd-Shams ) and Muhammad both descended from a common ancestor , Abd Manaf ibn Qusai , and they are originally from the city of Mecca .
When combined with personal grief , such as bereavement , the risk is further increased .
DMB has also some similarities with the main competing mobile TV standard , DVB-H .
In January 2008 , it was changed to `` Life well shared '' .
On 31 January 2008 , Özil moved to Werder Bremen where there was a contract with the German club 30 June 2011 .
This rivalry began when ECW authority figure Armando Estrada announced an `` Elimination Chase to No Mercy '' , involving Elijah Burke , Tommy Dreamer , Kevin Thorn , and Stevie Richards .
A dorsal shield is formed from four longitudinal series of juxtaposed , keeled , and bony scutes .
The nouns and adjectives are created by removing the ending and thus obtaining the root .
He became Deputy Prime Minister after the 2010 general election .
He was the queen of Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia .
It is later revealed that he is not a human , but a mutant with webbed feet and gills , an evolutionary step in some of the humans to accommodate the changes in climate .
There she again outplayed Walker ( then of Ithaca , New York ) , with a score of 100-57 , and earned a $ 1,001 prize .
Dutch border troops were put on greater alert .
Very few samples are nearly colorless .
Two years later , he was elevated in rank to archimandrite and obtained the title Vardapet ( or Vartabed ) , meaning a `` doctor of the church '' or `` divine scholar '' .
Opera Software is a Opera based in Oslo .
She also starred in advertising campaigns , although part of the casting of the Elite modeling agency , has never walked the catwalks .
While at the airport to return home on the next day , he had a second seizure ( in 1987 , while traveling with the Ultimate Warrior ) and was sent to the hospital immediately .
Leila Ryzvanauna Ismailava ( born 28 July 1989 in Minsk ) is a Belarusian journalist leading music TV programs , model .
Shrew opossums have lost ground to these and other placental invaders that fill the same ecological niches .
It is a spiritual successor to the Red Dead Revolver .
In his journalistic work , he reportedly ran into problems with the authorities of at least two countries .
The islands have a unique biogeography , and are home to several distinct plant and animal communities .
Bear Island is a 1971 novel by Alistair MacLean about a movie crew who travels to Svalbard .
There is no doubt that ENAC has benefited from the spectacular development of air transport in the postwar years .
Hawthorne 's works belong to romanticism or , more specifically , dark romanticism , cautionary tales that suggest that guilt , sin , and evil are the most inherent natural qualities of humanity .
Australia has played 830 ODI matches , winning 509 , losing nine , tying nine and with 30 ending in no-result .
The giant gears for the Panama Canal locks were cast at the Yard .
In 1891 , aged 24 , she followed her older sister Bronisława to study in Paris , where she earned her higher degrees and conducted her subsequent scientific work .
Over the following three decades , Crane won almost two dozen major championships , including the World Crown in 1946 , 1955 , 1966 , 1968 , 1970 and 1972 .
As such , they are described as `` dirty snowballs '' after Fred Whipple 's model .
It was seen as the job of a woman to be a `` housewife '' ( homemaker ) .
At the 2002 Winter Paralympics , women 's downhill and men 's visually impaired Downhill were held on day 1 with men 's standing and sitting Downhill taking place on day 2 .
The system maintained a well-organized structure as it crossed the Yucatan , and held on to tropical storm status .
The development of the mass spectrometer allowed the exact mass of atoms to be measured .
The shape of the curve illustrates the principle of limiting factors ; in low light levels , the rate of photosynthesis is limited by the concentration of chlorophyll and the efficiency of the light-dependent reactions , but in higher light levels it is limited by the efficiency of RuBisCo and the availability of carbon dioxide .
Pediatrics , for example , consists of 14 subspecialty textbooks ( endocrinology , genetics , cardiology , pulmonology , etc. ) .
In 2012 Gurdon was awarded , jointly with Shinya Yamanaka , the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine `` for the discovery that mature cells can be reprogrammed to become pluripotent '' .
Microbial transformation with plasmid DNA is neither parasitic nor symbiotic in nature , because each implies the presence of an independent species living in a detrimental or commensal state with the host organism .
The spiders are attacked by the Wood Elves .
This explains bribes and promises of power where needed .
The report about the effect of global warming on the world economy .
In her nine years in charge of Germany , they won three European titles , two bronze medals in the Olympics , and the 2003 World Cup .
With a budget exceeding 2.415 billion dollars , DEA employs over 10,800 people .
The standard flavor of DSL is the Live CD .
The Knox Mine Disaster of January 1959 erased the mining industry in Northeastern Pennsylvania .
Sparassodonts shared the ecological niches for large predators with fearsome flightless `` terror birds '' ( phorusrhacids ) .
Her family settled in Salem Village , which is now known as Danvers , Massachusetts , in 1640 .
XT is the fourth edition of Bop It Extreme with the same commands but adding a new command , `` Shake It '' .
In January 2008 , the band headlined their own tour that they called `` The Green T Tour '' which also featured Capital Lights and Run Kid Run .
These were governed by chiefs known as caciques .
During a heavy rainstorm which caused the race to be red-flagged Hamilton slid off into a gravel trap , he was lifted back on to the circuit .
This resemble modern computer desktop operating systems .
He died on the 21 August 1970 in Dortmund .
In 1859 , he was called by the Government of the Province of Barcelona ( Diputació de Barcelona ) to depict the campaigns of the Spanish-Moroccan War .
The storm dropped light rainfall in Puerto Rico , peaking at 3.09 inches ( 78 mm ) in Fajardo .
There are many kinds of folk music .
The predominant match on the SmackDown !
Staunton took a long-term interest in this solution to the difficulties of travel , and reported telegraph games in the Illustrated London News .
His fellow disk jockeys voted him the nation 's best in the 1948 and 1949 Billboard polls .
The baby has become an icon .
Her father was a dispossessed Somali aristocrat .
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 88.6 males .
The video premiered on MTV 's Headbangers Ball on October 25 , 2008 .
Robert Stanton was presented with the Medal of Honor by Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton .
The district has partnerships with Huntingdonshire in the United Kingdom , the borough of Charlottenburg in Berlin , and the district of Kościerzyna in Poland .
Mohammed Khaled Hossain ( Bengali : মোহাম্মদ খালেদ হোসেন ) also known as Sajal Khaled was a Bangladeshi mountaineer and film director .
The BBC made the maker of the 1975 documentary Herbert Chappell .
Cherundolo made his debut against Jamaica on September 8 , 1999 .
It was broadcast live , with World War I songs sung by Tabor , and a discussion with Michael Morpurgo and Kate Adie .
In a Dr Pepper commercial that debuted on May 28 , 2009 , he premiered the first official snippet of Detox .
It also had religious and strategic importance to the Armenians , housing the Ghazanchetsots Cathedral , a monastic convent , and serving ( along with Lachin district to the west ) as a land link to Armenia .
The building is important as one of the few remaining examples of an ancient Roman-influenced library .
One of the show 's most iconic figures , J.R. has been central to many of the series ' biggest storylines .
Beginning from early illuminated pages in hand-copied books of the Middle Ages and proceeding down to intricate modern magazine and catalog layouts , proper page design has long been a consideration in printed material .
The centimetre was the base unit of length in the deprecated .
These include Monkey Bowling , Monkey Billiards and Monkey Golf .
The name `` Guckkasten '' is derived from the German language , which translates to `` Chinese-style kaleidoscope '' .
His work was compared to the early batik works of Emily Kngwarreye .
He was the first non-European to be admitted into the International Music Society , of which he was a co-founder .
In 1571 , the Crimean Tatars attacked and sacked Moscow , burning everything but the Kremlin .
Settlers introduced invasive species , such as pigs and possums .
It is a process by which new organisms arise without production of seeds or spores .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson ( born April 24 , 1982 ) is an American singer and songwriter .
With most of the material written , the band rehearsed just once before entering Nacksving Studios in 2002 , and again with producer Steven Wilson in Studio Fredman .
Coffee is a brownish color that is a representation of the color of an unroasted coffee bean .
The Silvertip shark ( Megachasma pelagios ) is an extremely rare species of deepwater shark .
In his speech he stated that if democracy is to survive and flourish , people everywhere in the world are entitled to four human rights : freedom of speech , freedom of worship , freedom from want , and freedom from fear .
The Dürerbundhaus was completely destroyed during the bombing of Dresden in World War II on 13 February 1945 .
Eventually product development was stopped .
<unk> it appears it is often considered an invasive weed .
Hoppe was the winner with a final score in of 600-527 .
Estelle continued to perform and record .
While in London they resided with Henry Waterhouse , and when Yemmerrawanie became sick , they moved to Eltham and resided at the house of Edward Kent .
When Harry duels Voldemort , their wands ' magical streams connect , forcing the spirit echoes of Voldemort 's victims , including Cedric and James and Lily Potter , to be expelled from his wand .
The quokka was one of the first Australian mammals seen by Europeans .
Jeunet also directed numerous advertisements and music videos , such as Jean Michel Jarre 's Zoolook ( together with Caro ) .
The species most dangerous to humans are the larger ones which prey on small bottom-dwelling fish ; the smaller species mostly hunt and eat marine worms .
Arabians have compete in many other fields of equestrian activity .
In ensuing years , the house became so popular that the couple had to hang a sign outside that read `` Writers At Work '' in order to be left alone .
The larvae of many beetle families are predatory like the adults ( ground beetles ) .
Born in Bath , Somerset , Widdecombe is the daughter of Rita Noreen ( née Plummer ; 1911-2007 ) and Ministry of Defense civil servant James Murray Widdecombe .
The 2014 Formula One season is the 65th season of the Formula One World Championship , a motor racing championship .
They possess the authority to pass and enforce ordinances , establish public and administrative policies , create advisory boards and commissions , and manage the city 's financial operations business as required by law .
He was very influential and was regarded as the official national poet of modern Italy .
Asking Alexandria are an English metalcore band from North Yorkshire , North Yorkshire .
In addition to the cranium , an upper jaw from another individual , a sacrum , a tibia , and two femur fragments were also found .
Euler 's work was presented to the St. Petersburg Academy on August 26 , 1735 , and published as Solutio problematis ad geometriam situs pertinentis Petropolitanae in 1741 .
It has been claimed that meringue was invented in the Swiss village of Meiringen and improved by an Italian chef named Gasparini in the 18th century .
Edward Doty became a rich land owner with servants himself .
She lived in the house until her death at age 99 .
Born and raised in Vienna , he began writing at an early age .
Lee Kuan Yew was the first prime minister of Singapore from 1959 to 1990 .
Böhm worked in the title of LSO President .
The 2006-07 Chicago Blackhawks season was the Hawks ' 81st season .
Between May and September 1991-concurrent with the police investigation of the Rogers family triple murder-Chandler was an <unk> for the U.S. Customs Bureau 's Tampa office .
In 1997 she had great success in Germany with Caroline Link 's <unk> der Stille for which she learned German , sign language , and the clarinet .
Its key signature has six flats and one double flat .
In the Operation Kogo , 390,000 Chinese soldiers led to defend the strategic position of Luoyang .
Notably , barristers in England and Wales and some states in Australia do not work in `` law firms '' .
The Ultra beings ' main weakness is that they can only stay on Earth .
Louis Cayart and Abraham Quesnay built the first parts of the actual French Church from 1701 to 1705 for the Huguenot ( Calvinist ) community .
As Sidney Clare wrote , and Thumper 's mother echoed : If you ca n't say anything real nice , it 's better not to talk at all .
Jin sets many of his stories and novels in China .
They divorced in 2001 shortly before his death .
Both of these star clusters are thought to have masses equivalent to the masses of the globular clusters in the Milky Way ( 6-7 ) × 105 solar masses ) .
Kinabalu National Park is about 90 kilometres from the city and there are many tourist attractions in and around the city .
There are more than 50 different prehistoric species featured , and they and their environments were created entirely as computer-generated images , for around a third of the production cost that was needed a decade earlier for Walking with Dinosaurs .
The entire circulation may initially have a diameter of less than 160 kilometers ( 99 mi ) .
It is part of the pineal complex , another part of which is the pineal gland , which in tuatara secretes melatonin at night .
The fitnesses of different individuals with the same genotype are therefore not necessarily equal .
There are also ports in Dumaguete City in Negros Oriental , Tagbilaran in Bohol and Larena in Siquijor .
It was killed by a tiger on 22 December 1792 .
Minor adjustments to the county continued through most of the 19th century , however .
The well-known surrealist piece introduced the image of the soft melting pocket watch .
It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000 , and given the designation S\/2000 J 3 .
The dance is English in origin , and was standardized in 1927 .
The waterway was originally established by the building of the Illinois and Michigan Canal that connected the Illinois River to the Chicago River .
Punjabi is spoken as a native language by 4 % of Indians .
The listing in the Victorian Heritage Register says in the Victorian Heritage Register says in part : `` The Carlton Gardens are of scientific ( botanical ) significance for their outstanding collection of plants , including conifers , palms , evergreen and deciduous trees , many of which have grown to an outstanding size and form .
By the late 1960s , referred to as the `` golden age '' or `` classic rock '' period , a number of distinct rock music sub-genres had emerged , including hybrids like blues rock , folk rock , country rock , and jazz-rock fusion , many of which contributed to the development of psychedelic rock , which was influenced by the countercultural psychedelic scene .
The city fell on July 4 , 1778 to George Rogers Clark and his force of 200 men , including Captain Leonard Helm .
the main character , Hareta , gains an egg from Riley which hatches into a Riolu ; it later evolves into Lucario .
SAGIS , the company that owns the circuit , hoped that the race would be reinstated at the October 2006 meeting of the FIA World Motorsport Council and scheduled for the weekend of 29 April 2007 , providing renovations to the circuit were completed in time for the race , but the reinstatement was denied .
Some examples of cushion caroms are balkline , three-cushion billiards , balkline , three-cushion billiards and artistic billiards .
Within Ardeidae , all members of the genera Botaurus and Ixobrychus are referred to as `` bitterns '' , and - including the Zigzag Heron or Zigzag Bittern - are a monophyletic group within the Ardeidae .
Conservationists have worked hard to preserve woodlands .
And the dead will outnumber the living !
Gunnedah railway station is on the railway line ( or North West ) railway line , 475 kilometres ( 295 mi ) from Sydney .
In 1990 , he again ran , in the middle of his Secretarial term , for his old Congressional seat , but was defeated by Rahall in the primary .
Some 900,000 to 1,400,000 people died .
The Western subspecies is found in western North America and parts of Mexico .
Mucha volunteered on January 1 , 1895 .
She is also known in such regional countries as Iran for her role in Omre Gole Laleh and is widely-recognized amongst the diaspora communities of the Former Yugoslavia in the Western Europe , United States , Australia , and Canada .
The word has traditionally been linked to the name of the legendary founder of the Armenian nation , Hayk , which is also a popular Armenian given name .
Hwanhee was especially shocked , because he was on the same vehicle with his manager just hours before the incident .
He was also sued , albeit unsuccessfully , in civil court by a former Malaysian immigran disciple over allegations of sexual misconduct , while the King County , Washington prosecutor declined to file charges for lack of evidence .
Crystal LED refers to a manufacturing technology of screens .
Other popular sports include field hockey , tennis , badminton , handball , basketball , volleyball , angling .
It was known as the skênê ( from which the word `` scene '' derives ) .
Later , he joined ICI Pharmaceuticals in 1958 .
c. 20 ) says that the Octodurenses received the Latinitas ( Latio donati ) .
Four-time Champ Car champion Sébastien Bourdais was an occasional test driver several times during the season .
The company was founded in Rüsselsheim , Hesse , Germany , on January 21 , 1862 , by Adam Opel .
This defeat led to the dissolution of the League of Evangelical Union and the loss of Frederick V 's holdings .
Lance 's last performance was in June 1994 at the 11th Chicago Blues Festival .
Grover was originally performed by Frank Oz from his earliest appearances until 2001 .
Sorai rejected the Song Confucianism .
The Clan Gordon was at one point one of the most powerful clans in middle Scotland .
With financial affairs in a state of calamity , Vitellius took the initiative of killing citizens who named him as their heir , often together with any co-heirs .
c4 e6 3 .
Douglas eventually developed the design into the historic and enormously successful line .
Slovakia has won four medals in the 2002 medal in 2002 .
The word `` hippopotamus '' is derived from the ancient Greek ἱπποπόταμος , hippopotamos , from ἵππος , hippos , `` horse '' , and ποταμός , potamos , `` river '' , meaning `` horse of the river '' .
His father , Richard Walmesley Blair , worked in the Opium Department of the Indian Civil Service .
In his first year , Honus played for five teams .
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD , similar to hyperkinetic disorder in the ICD-10 ) is a psychiatric disorder of the neurodevelopmental type in which there are not appropriate for a person 's age .
On May 19 , the JTWC reported that an area of low pressure had persisted about 510 km ( 320 mi ) to the southeast of Yap .
The towering figure of West Coast blues may be guitarist T-Bone Walker , famous for the song `` Call It Stormy Monday ( But Tuesday Is Just As Bad ) '' , a relocated Texan who had made his first recordings in the late 1920s .
Defensive indifference is generally only scored instead of a stolen base when the game is in a late <unk> and the team with the stealing baserunner is down by more than one run .
Stresemann was born on May 10 , 1878 in the Köpenicker Straße area of southeast Berlin , the youngest of seven children .
A mechanism of interplay between the Yarkovsky effect and nonlinear secular resonances ( primarily involving Jupiter and Saturn ) has been proposed .
Dildo Island was one of the places designated for this purpose .
The album 's first single `` King for a Day '' was released on June 5 , 2012 .
This means that the cells of the innate system recognize , and respond to , pathogens in a generic way , but , unlike the adaptive immune system , it does not confer long-lasting or protective immunity to the host .
These can include a collar , a button front , or cuffed sleeves .
He also holds an honorary doctoral degree from the University of Houston , which was presented to him in 2000 .
They took pleasure in the successes of the boys he had informally adopted over the years , retained his interest in reform , accepted speaking engagements , and read portions of Ragged Dick to boys ' assemblies .
It is also known as Pineapple Island .
On 20 September , the capital was moved to Lucerne .
Carter discovered 2 separate coffins in the burial chamber .
Main Street is lined with shops selling merchandise and food .
On July 14 , 2013 Madigan , who was widely expected to run , announced she would not run for governor in 2014 because of her father 's decision to stay in his post as speaker of the Illinois House , but that she would run for reelection instead .
Hurricane Boris was a well-forecast storm .
Dunham sculpted the current version of Melvin 's head himself , and hired an effects company called Renegade Effects Groups to create the rubber mold and complete the puppet , before then installing the mechanics himself .
Richardson was originally set to play Mike , but clashed with Jackson .
Other award played at Hanging Rock , Gallipoli , The Tracker , Shine and Ten Canoes .
After the 2002 season , the expansion was completed by adding a massive free standing upper deck in the north end zone .
Brown arrived in Harpers Ferry on July 3 , 1859 .
However , Madison rebuffed charges that his writings supported the constitutional interpretation advanced by pro-nullification Southerners .
Arthur Keily the marathon runner and Olympian was born in Derbyshire in 1921 .
It was directed by President Abraham Lincoln and Sally Field .
Earlier ( 2007 ) work dismissed the phylum as paraphyletic , with Acoela and Nemertodermatida as separate clades .
According to their account , she continued to weep even as she spoke to them-first in French , then in their own dialect of Occitan .
In December 2006 The Chaser 's War on Everything won an Australian Film Institute ( AFI ) Award for ` Best Television Comedy Series ' and Hansen won an AFI Award for ` Best Performance in a Television Comedy . '
There are two types of endoplasmic reticulum , rough endoplasmic reticulum .
He subsequently became a DJ in the club , under the name `` Dr. J , '' based on the nickname of Julius Erving , his favorite basketball player .
The traditional forms include many aspects of performance and musical instrumentation which are unique to particular regions or Indigenous Australian groups .
Rocca had an uninterrupted seven-year appearance of headlining or co-headlining every main-event at the Garden .
António Caetano de Abreu Freire Egas Moniz ( 29 November 1874 - 13 December 1955 ) , known as Egas Moniz ( Portuguese : ( ˈɛɣɐʒ muˈniʃ ) ) , was a Portuguese neurologist .
It was contested fiercely by warlords until the Tokugawa Shogunate won control of it in 1600 as a result of the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600 .
Major success came in 1978 when Ipswich beat Arsenal Stadium to win their only FA Cup trophy , the triumph was followed by a UEFA Cup victory in 1981 .
Mammoth is a video game .
While operations continued in the autumn , notably the Lorraine Campaign , the Battle of Aachen and fighting in the Hürtgen Forest , the strategic situation in the west changed little .
The tallest sunflower confirmed by Guinness World Records is 8.0 m ( 2009 , Germany ) .
Towards the end of the fifteenth century , the Baloch from Makran flocked into the country in and around Mankera , and subsequently ruled this state for the next three hundred years .
It is also used as a catalyst .
December and January are the coolest .
He gave first performances of soil pieces by composers such as Darius Milhaud , Paul Hindemith and Arnold Schoenberg .
You 're destined to sing . ''
He becomes obsessed with winning her affection .
He followed Jim Jim Creek down from the Arnhem Land escarpment , then went down the South Alligator before crossing to the East Alligator and proceeding north .
Commercial sale of genetically modified foods began in 1994 , when Calgene first marketed its Flavr Savr delayed ripening tomato .
Twicket ( a portmanteau of Twitter and Cricket ) was a village cricket match , streamed world-wide on the Internet on Easter Monday .
In 1948 , the CBS network hired Sullivan to do a weekly Sunday night TV variety show , Toast of the Town , which later became The Ed Sullivan Show .
Horner did not want any songs with singing in the movie .
Communal Jewish worship can be carried out wherever ten Jews ( a minyan ) assemble .
On March 2 , 1861 , the Nevada Territory separated from the Utah Territory and adopted its current name , shortened from Sierra Nevada ( Spanish for `` snow-covered mountain range '' ) .
Lieutenancies soon became more organised , probably in the reign of his successor Edward VI , being approved by the English parliament in 1550 .
The eighth edition ( 1854 ) described her as `` an elegant novelist '' while the ninth edition ( 1875 ) lauded her as `` one of the most distinguished modern British novelists '' .
Archaeological discoveries show that these prehistoric peoples led livelihoods seemingly at a higher level of organization than their contemporaries who lived closer to the Nile Valley .
An escarpment ( or scarp ) is a type of cliff .
She divorced Arthur Carter in 1977 , and married Broadway and TV actor George Hearn the same year .
It has a small market , metal , furniture , bricks , bricks and pottery .
In 1867 he helped to found the Ligue de la paix et de la liberté ( League for Peace and Liberty ) , though he continued working at other positions , including secretary for the Jura-Simplon Steel Company from 1873 to 1891 .
Among his themes are the beauty of natural world , the tragicomic life of the common man , the plight of the individual in mass society , and the dream and betrayal of democracy .
Joss Whedon was born in New York City , United States .
Edwards now has a Sports Hall at West Buckland named after him , The Jonathan Edwards Sports Centre .
Bede died on May 26 , 735 .
While it was rumored that a man named Jenkins had once pastured some livestock at the site of the Capitol ( and thus his name was associated with the site ) , artist John Trumbull , who would paint several murals inside the Capitol 's rotunda , reported in 1791 that the site was covered with a thick wood making it an unlikely place for livestock to graze .
Smyslov twice tied for first at the Soviet Championship ( 1949 , 1955 ) , and his total of 17 Chess Olympiad medals won is an all-time record .
Aldehydes are common in organic chemistry .
Google 's Android , Microsoft 's Windows Phone and BlackBerry 10 operating systems , the game requires players to route a supply of water to a fastidious alligator .
Secondly , volcanic ash is commonly inter-bedded with lake sediments , and ashfalls seem to have quickly buried the fossilized organisms , creating anoxic conditions around them and preventing scavenging .
The smallest pipe organs may have only one or two dozen pipes and one manual pipes .
She wanted to perform from a very early age and began singing and dancing in her hometown and other local areas at community events and shows .
With that idea in mind , he headed in 1908 to the city of Arequipa , where photography was more developed and where there were photographers who had taken the time to develop individual photographic styles and impeccable technique .
Davis went to Harding College in Searcy , Arkansas .
The British New Romantic band Spandau Ballet took their name from the Spandau borough in the British sector .
The couple had three daughters together : Hollie in 1984 , Arran in 1985 and Blue Angel in 1989 .
Gwynt y Môr ( Welsh : Sea Wind ) is an under-construction , 576-megawatt ( MW ) offshore wind farm located off the coast of North Wales .
He later married again to Marie Jeanne of Savoy by whom he had a son .
The picture was considered lost for many years , but a nitrate-copy was found in Prague in the 1960s .
George Thorogood and the Delaware Destroyers have released sixteen studio albums .
The migration from water wheels to modern turbines took about one hundred years .
A confrontation usually hurts the good guys the most , because their time is wasted as much as those who actively invent trouble .
He has since appeared in additional live action and voice acting roles , such as playing Charlie Pace in childhood flashbacks on Lost .
By capturing Cannae , Hannibal had placed himself between the Romans .
Irene Castle ( 17 April 1893 - 25 January 1969 ) was born Irene Foote in New Rochelle , New York .
However , Lady Delacour 's sudden jealousy towards Belinda makes Belinda part with her and go to the Percivals ' house , where Helena had formerly been staying .
CCTV Peking ( Beijing ) or China People 's Television Network broadcast its first program on 2 September 1958 .
During his incumbency , Carstens was known for hiking .
Along the way , Marlin learns to take care of himself .
The various geological types were indicated by different colors ; the maps were hand colored .
<unk> conduct photosynthesis in succulent stems , rather than leaves , so the surface area of the shoot is very low .
A color code is a system for displaying information by using different colors .
High-energy beta emitters , such as phosphorus-32 , can also be counted in a scintillation counter without the cocktail , instead using an aqueous solution .
Hickenlooper is a graduate of Wesleyan University and the Colorado School of Mines .
The Navy renamed and changed her as His Majesty 's Bark the Endeavour .
Xylenol has one hydroxyl group and two methyl groups and a total of 6 isomers exist .
U.S. wind power installed capacity now exceeds 60,000 MW and supplies 4 % of the nation 's electricity .
In 1882 , BNBC founded a small settlement in the area known as Gaya Bay , which was already inhabited by Bajau people .
The period of Greek history from about 1600 BC is called Mycenaean in reference to Mycenae .
After taking back his old body from Teridax .
It tends to be used in conjunction with specific aspects of the modern business environment .
Some concentrate more on research and conservation , others more on education and entertainment .
The most common preparation involves a careful arrangement of the yerba within the gourd before adding hot water .
By 2001 , four corridors had been studied as part of the plan : The Trans-Asian Railway Network Agreement is an agreement signed on 10 November 2006 , by seventeen Asian nations as part of a United Nations Economic and Social Commission in China .
The area was formerly sponsored by McDonald 's , until 2009 when the contract ran out .
Jackson dedicated his Album of the Year Grammy for Thriller to Wilson , saying , `` In the entertainment business , there are leaders and there are followers .
The area was first settled by Europeans in 1829 , originally called Old Collector .
A light curve can be used to estimate the rotation period of a minor planet , moon , or comet nucleus .
While there , Black developed his second major drug , cimetidine , which was launched under the brand name Tagamet in 1975 and soon outsold propranolol to become the world 's largest-selling prescription drug .
<unk> doughnuts are fried for about 90 seconds at approximately 190 ° C to 198 ° C , turning once .
When a jersey is retired that player 's jersey is placed usually where the team plays in honor of that player 's actions .
His estimated age at death depends upon whether the maturity stage of his teeth or skeletal is used , and whether that maturity is compared to that of modern humans or chimpanzees .
When activated , they migrate to the lymph nodes where they interact with T cells and B cells to initiate and shape the adaptive immune response .
The light from stars ( other than the Sun ) can be considered collimated for almost any purpose , because they are so far away they have almost no angular size .
The `` Law of large numbers '' is most frequently used .
Someone who plays the dhol is known as dholi ( Punjabi : ਢੋਲੀ ) .
Martinez was born in Brooklyn , New York to Puerto Rican parents .
In 1993 Palmer permanently relocated from the Bahamas to Lugano , Switzerland , after he found that the islands were unsafe because of drugs and gun violence .
Jesse Brown was born in Detroit , Michigan , to Lucille Marsh Brown and David Brown .
The two species of lizard within the genus Iguana possess a dewlap , a row of spines running down their backs to their tails , and a third `` eye '' on their heads .
She studied hard but felt she disappointed her parents , whom she wanted to please .
He also retired with 316 losses , the most in MLB history .
Her maternal grandfather , Leonardo García , immigrated to Cuba from Pola de Siero , Asturias , Spain , where he married Gloria 's maternal grandmother , originally from Logroño , Spain .
Ferric nitrate is a chemical compound .
In 1967 , the program received the first Emmy Award for Individual Achievement in Daytime Television from the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences .
Another child in the household was Warwick 's daughter Anne Neville , whom Richard would later marry .
It forms the boundary separating the plant 's inner cells from the external world .
The company designs and builds race and production automobiles of light weight and fine handling characteristics .
More than 30,000 people were said to have escaped there via the network during its 20-year peak period , although U.S. Census figures account for only 6,000 .
In 1962 , Florey became Provost of The Queen 's College , Oxford .
The superstructure is built as two independent bridges of variable depth , prestressed concrete box girders , separated by a 1.15 m clear gap between the structures .
Egloshayle was a Bronze Age settlement and later a river port , rivalling Padstow 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) downriver .
The following list details the languages spoken in Iran and lists the total number of speakers for each language ( data from Ethnologue ) .
This park was certified as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 .
Minas Gerais is one of the states of Brazil .
A new constitution came into force giving the three islands equal status within the territory .
The exponential function exactly maps all lines not parallel with the real or imaginary axis in the complex plane , to all logarithmic spirals in the complex plane with center at 0 .
The torcitoios and filatoios took their power from the shaft .
<unk> was born in New Haven , Connecticut , the daughter of Agnes Reuwer ( nee Tatum ) and Harold Bertram Carpenter .
The song contains broadly the same melody as the opening version , but with different lyrics and <unk> the `` It 's wonderful to be here '' section .
He tells them to tear up the floorboards to reveal the body .
The song also references Michael Jackson and Bobby Brown and also refers to the crunk style of rap making it one of the first mainstream R&B tracks to refer to that style .
At about 430 miles ( 692 km ) long , it is the state 's longest river .
Second place finisher Óscar Pereiro was officially declared the winner .
The 2008-2009 edition of the race started in Alicante , Spain , on October 11 , 2008 .
The single includes the songs `` Help Is Round the Corner '' and `` No More Keeping My Feet on the Ground '' , the third taken from the band 's first EP , Safety .
His works have been reproduced in many books and are currently on display at several major museums in the United States .
In the French Government , Catherine Vautrin , the Vice-Président of the National Assembly asked for a French intervention Following this intervention , French investigators were sent for the second time to Hungary .
Born at the Royal Palace of Turin in December 1685 , Marie Adélaïde was the oldest daughter of Victor Amadeus II , Duke of Savoy since 1675 , and his French wife Anne Marie d'Orléans , a niece of Louis XIV , and the daughter of Anne Marie d'Orléans .
Harry Flood Byrd , Jr. ( December 20 , 1914 - July 30 , 2013 ) was an American newspaper publisher and politician .
With George Grosz , he founded Die Pleite , a satirical magazine .
Scott Andrew Speed ( born January 24 , 1983 ) is an American race car driver .
In the past there have been major efforts to improve the quality of life for residents in the town 's worst housing estates , especially in parts of Shortlees , Longpark and Onthank .
Every building took one week to complete and was designed in accordance with a specific theme .
Concerned about the rising crime rate in Nassau , Palmer moved to Lugano , Switzerland , in 1987 and set up his own recording studio .
He spent several months at the Sankt Georgen Graduate School of Philosophy and Theology in Frankfurt , Germany , while considering possible dissertation topics , before returning to Argentina to serve as a confessor and spiritual director to the Jesuit community in Córdoba .
The church describes itself as following Primitive Baptist and Calvinist principles .
The second setting is the Jerusalem of Pontius Pilate .
The evolutionary relationships within the squamates are not yet completely worked out , with the relationship of snakes to other groups being the most problematic .
The book began with quotations originally in English , arranging them chronologically by author ( Geoffrey Chaucer was the first entry , Mary Frances Butts the last ) .
It is based on the novel Mandingo by Kyle Onstott .
It was extremely popular , becoming the role that defined Pickford 's ` little girl ' movies .
The Tanggu Truce resulted in the de facto recognition of Manchukuo by the Kuomintang government .
It is the Chocolate Mountain Aerial Gunnery Range .
After defeating the British in the Siege of Boston on March 17 , 1776 , General George Washington Commander-in-Chief , brought the Continental Army to defend the port city of New York , then limited to the southern end of Manhattan Island .
The vocal range extends from B-flat3 to G5 , with a tessitura from E-flat4 to E-flat5 .
An failure that failure is catastrophic .
Iconoclasm may be carried out by people of a different religion , but is often the result of sectarian disputes between factions of the same religion .
By 2003 , the number of known low-luminosity members has increased from his initial twelve to thirty-six by way of the discovery of almost two dozen low-luminosity galaxies .
His one brother , James Franklin Carver , was born in 1943 .
World wars caused the 1916 , 1940 , and 1944 .
Early minicomputer-based typesetting software introduced in the 1970s and early 1980s , such as Datalogics Pager , Penta , Atex , Miles 33 , Xyvision , troff from Bell Labs , and IBM 's <unk> product languages to describe type and other page formatting information .
Tropical Depression Thirteen formed on October 22 .
Amy Jade ( September 14 , 1983 - July 23 , 2011 ) was an English singer .
On September 7 , Oliwa started a period of rapid strengthening , and a Super Typhoon eight hours later .
James William Ward ( September 1 , 1906 in Fort William , Ontario - d. November 15 , 1990 ) was a right winger in the NHL from 1928 - 1939 .
Their metamorphosis from the larval stage is incomplete , so the adults retain gill slits ( although they also have lungs ) , and lack eyelids .
The county has a total area of 809 square miles ( 2,100 km2 ) .
His now seldom-read 13,607-word oration began : `` Standing beneath this serene sky , overlooking these broad fields now reposing from the labors of the waning year , the mighty Alleghenies dimly towering before us , the graves of our brethren beneath our feet .
In 1826 he traveled to England , to finish the work and conduct the premiere on 12 April .
They are uncountable and have the same cardinality as the reals .
The climate of the province is a tropical climate , hot most of the year , but it is cooler on the mountains .
From an early age Louis took a great interest in the military arts .
On Earth , helium is relatively rare and is created by the natural decay of some radioactive elements because the alpha particles that are emitted consist of helium nuclei .
It is estimated at 3 to 6 meters ( 10 to 20 ft ) , and its hip height at more than 1.1 meters ( 3.3 ft ) .
It is a descendant of an older , land-living turtle , and that the shell became reversed .
Group intelligence tests were developed and became widely used in schools and industry .
The SI unit of area is the square metre .
It consists of the Pitjantjatjara , Yankunytjatjara and Ngaanyatjarra peoples ( or Anangu ) , and has a population of around 2500 people .
Fig Pudding is a post-transition plot .
The virus is mainly seen in late summer and autumn .
Classical guitar : Bossa nova is a type of guitar .
On 24 September 1917 , the U.S. Navy got her under a free lease from the Conservation Commission of Maryland .
Small amounts of pyroxene appear to be present .
Each of the principal actors made approximately $ 75,000 an episode , with Sheen 's confirmed salary being $ 300,000 .
Twofish 's distinctive features are the use of pre-computed key-dependent S-boxes , and a relatively complex key schedule .
Benjamin Whisoh Lee ( January 1 , 1935 - June 16 , 1977 ) was a Korean-American theoretical physicist .
Price usually lacks as the fuel number increases .
Although GD 165B would be classified as a brown dwarf or simply a very-low-mass star , because observationally it is very difficult to distinguish between the two .
Subsequently , Motor Launch 346 and Landing Craft Flak 1 combined to drive off the German boats but the group was removed .
He challenged Anand at the World Chess Championship 2008 to regain his title , but lost .
After her death , she was buried in Lisbon , but her heart was brought to Vienna and buried there in the imperial crypt .
The 2009 Atlantic hurricane season was an Atlantic hurricane that formed in 2009 .
The same is true , if they come as a bead chain .
Dixon & Godrich ( 1981 ) , Tommy Johnson and Ishman Bracey were recorded by Victor on that company 's second field trip to Memphis , in 1928 .
He found the Chung-Kiang doctor who had treated Conway .
The National Olympic Committee for Austria is the Österreichisches Olympisches Comité , and was created in 1908 and recognized in 1912 .
According to the village planning handbook issued by the city , the purpose of the village planning committees is to work with the city 's planning commission to ensure a balance of housing and employment in each village , concentrate development at identified village cores , and to promote the unique character and identity of the villages .
When they returned , she was in the back yard , unconscious , in the snow , and visible in the poor light only because she was wearing her favorite red sweater .
A stream cipher is a symmetric key cipher where plaintext digits are combined .
It was designed by the Simputer Trust , a non-profit organization formed in November 1999 .
This repose , however , is disrupted by the attack of a saber-toothed cat .
His best-known song is `` This Land Is Your Land . ''
The lunar crater Alder is named in his honor .
Western Armenia , also referred to as Byzantine Armenia , later Turkish Armenia or Ottoman Armenia is a term coined following the division of Greater Armenia between Byzantine Empire and Persia ( Eastern Armenia ) and Persia ( Eastern Armenia ) in AD AD .
Fifteen cities are in Kyoto Prefecture : These are the towns and villages in each district :
The character proved popular , and Nabors was given his own spin-off show , Gomer Pyle , U.S.M.C. .
Pope Innocent X ( Latin : Innocentius <unk> ; 6 May 1574 - 7 January 1655 ) , born Giovanni Battista Pamphilj ( or Pamphili ) , was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the <unk> Pope from 1644 until his death in 1655 .
She married a Dutch nobleman wildlife photographer Baron Hugo van Lawick .
Most are at least partially mobile but many movements seem to be local , possibly between favorite haunts as the conditions change .
This is just a possibility , and Berman wrote that scientists are still not convinced of any one explanation .
The polarity is given as the dielectric constant .
Historians studying ancient Persian records date the arrival to sometime prior to 500 BC , attributing it to stock new gardens and parks .
It broadcasts a wide variety of programming including news , sport , light entertainment , music , history , history , history , and lifestyle .
He throws Palpatine Palpatine down the station 's reactor core .
A small part ( 10 % ) , are civil servant engineering students .
In 1971 he started a Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of Auckland .
The Surveillance radar was removed from the launcher and became a separate element and each launcher now carried eight missiles .
It goes through Midtown , the Upper East Side ( including Carnegie Hill ) and Harlem Records .
After a six-month injury announced that Lashley was released from his WWE contract on February 4 , 2008 .
The Dauphiné is an important race in the lead-up to the Tour de France in July , and it is part of the UCI World Ranking calendar .
In Italy , Young now commanded not just British officers but the 120,000 men of the entire Italian police and had responsibility for all Italian prisons , fire brigades and civil defense .
The Beyoncé Experience is a live DVD by Columbia Records .
From Ancient Egypt seals in the form of signet-rings ( see below ) , including some with the names of kings , have been found ; these tend to show only names in hieroglyphics .
Greystoke : The Legend of Tarzan , Lord of the Apes is a British movie directed by Hugh Hudson and based on Edgar Rice Burroughs ' novel Tarzan of the Apes ( 1912 ) .
By the mid-1920s , having contributed much to a ( temporary ) consolidation of the <unk> democratic order , Stresemann was regarded as a Vernunftrepublikaner by reason - someone who accepted the Republic as the least of all evils , but was in their heart still loyal to the monarchy .
In 1930 Alder was appointed reader for chemistry at Kiel , and promoted to lecturer in 1934 .
The flat-out Tamburello corner was a gravel of the corner .
He discovered that data from measurements of variation in manufacturing did not always behave the way as data from measurements of natural phenomena ( for example , Brownian motion of particles ) .
Another one of the 19th century critics of Malthusian theory was Karl Marx who referred to it as `` nothing more than a schoolboyish , superficial plagiary of De Foe , Sir James Steuart , Townsend , Franklin , Wallace '' ( in Capital , see Marx 's footnote below ) .
After the 23 May announcement that federal elections were to be advanced to September 2005 , Wulff announced that he was not a candidate for the Christian Democrat nomination for Chancellor , particularly as he had not completed his first term as Premier of Lower Saxony .
Miyamura joined the US Army in January 1945 .
Howitt found the remains of both leaders , Robert O'Hara Burke and William John Wills and buried them close to where the town was found .
Peruvian territory was home to ancient cultures spanning from the Norte Chico of the oldest in the world to the Inca Empire , the largest state in Pre-Columbian America .
`` long-chinned snake '' ) .
Graduates attend universities in the US , Canada , Latin America , Australia and Africa .
They are born with a slate blue-grey coat ( giving them the name `` blueback '' ) , with a pale cream color on the belly .
Two years and eight months of faithful and loyal service to the party is suddenly forgotten '' .
The actual author of the plan is alleged to be General ( and later President ) Ayub Khan .
The clinic has three registered nurses and the doctor is based here , but often absent visiting other communities .
The main tradition in the Western world is usually called classical music .
-571 AD ) , the 29th emperor , is the first for which contemporary historiography is able to assign verifiable dates ; however , the conventionally accepted names and dates of the early emperors .
Taylor devoted consistent and generous humanitarian time , advocacy efforts , and funding to HIV and AIDS-related projects and charities , helping to raise more than $ 270 million for the cause .
The missile has to replace the surface-to-air missile in British service .
The term Christian is there there .
At home , Tweed nurses Slade back to health while the dogs rest .
Standard intelligence tests , such as the Stanford-Binet , are often inappropriate for children with autism ; the alternative of using developmental or adaptive skills measures are relatively poor measures of intelligence in autistic .
The Dark Knight Rises started in New York City on July 16 , 2012 .
Queen Alexandra 's Sulphur has more yellow on the underside wing and has a whitish spot in the center of the hind wing .
Two years later , in 1979 , she divorced Hearn .
This name refers to the Empress Eugenia 's son , the Prince Imperial .
It was launched on 23 October 1953 under the name Alto Broadcasting System , and is among the first commercial television networks in Asia .
Legal problems delayed permission to build the subway and tram route and it was not until 1906 .
The main port , Walvis Bay , and Penguin islands were annexed by Britain as part of the Cape Colony in 1878 .
On August 9 , an area of convection developed just south of Jamaica in association with a trough of low pressure .
Under the advice of his physician , he traveled to San Francisco .
Craig said that this album `` I do n't think there 's going to be another Cloud Cult album for a while .
The Lophotrochozoa are two groups , the trochozoans and the lophophorata .
The number of inhabitants rose quickly and by the end of the 1970s the population was over 36,000 .
The County of Hohenzollern-Hechingen was created in 1576 , upon the partition of the County of Hohenzollern , a fief of the Holy Roman Empire .
It includes the East Sussex , Hampshire , the Isle of Wight , Kent , Oxfordshire , Surrey and West Sussex .
He lay in state for three days in Dublin City Hall .
Barbara Jean `` Barbie '' Blank ( born January 15 , 1987 ) is an American professional wrestler .
Coaches have become more open to the idea of having a good professional athlete - coach relationship .
For more serious dromaeosaurs , the Speaker may `` name '' a Member , saying `` I name the Honourable Member for X , '' following the House 's convention that Members are always referred to by their electorate .
Hyenas are primarily nocturnal animals , but may venture from their lairs in the early-morning hours .
Nouns , pronouns and adjectives can have three genders ( masculine , feminine , neuter ) , and three cases : Wenedyk also has a vocative case .
His reputation was revitalized among modern gastronomes in many parts of the world , by his influence over Chairman Kaga of the TV series `` Iron Chef '' which introduced to millions to his famous aphorism : `` Tell me what you are . ''
During the Peninsular War of 1808-1814 , French forces regularly used the garrotte to execute Spanish guerrilleros , priests , and other opponents to Napoleonic rule .
The following year he tried to regain Piedmont .
Lucy Ware Webb Hayes ( August 28 , 1831 - June 25 , 1889 ) was a First Lady of the United States and the wife of President Rutherford B. Hayes .
His rule of Mysore has frequent warfare with his neighbors and rebellion within his territories .
After signing onto the show in October 2009 , she began taking three dance classes every night .
Black pepper is the world 's most traded spice .
Michele was born in The Bronx , New York City .
From the official website :
No athlete from Singapore has competed in any Winter Olympic Games .
As in the other games in the series , the player takes on the dual role of Jak and Jak and Daxter .
Various dates are considered the end of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia : As the Yugoslav Wars raged through Croatia and Bosnia , the republics of Serbia and Montenegro , which remained untouched by the war , formed a rump state known as the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( FRY ) in 1992 .
The game ends when a player plays every tile in their rack .
The game takes place in the Mushroom Kingdom .
In November 2003 he had their track `` The Marshals Are Dead '' .
Its continuing character Jill was inspired in part by Robert A. Heinlein 's self-aware computer Mycroft HOLMES ( High-Optional , Logical , Multi-Evaluating Supervisor ) in The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress .
The bodies are so remarkably preserved due to the dry climate in the Peruvian Desert but the funeral rites were also a factor .
Thus , we use the same word `` man '' in both The man sees the woman and The woman sees the man .
The building of the first Baja Bug is generally credited to Gary Emory of Parts Obsolete , circa 1968 .
He went on to compose the music for conspiracy thriller UTOPIA created by Dennis Kelly , which aired on Channel 4 .
A spud gun ( also known as a potato cannon or a spudzooka ) is a pipe-based cannon which uses air pressure ( pneumatic ) , or combustion of a flammable gas .
Because of this , lithium metal is often used in coolants for heat transfer .
Users confirmed or believed to have engaged in the practice must request unblock at their main account .
He had extensive correspondence with Charles Darwin , who lived nearby in Down House .
borough has a population of 8,591 , however the majority of Kilkenny live outside the borough boundary .
Each of the nodes is divided into smaller groups called sectors .
Aung San Suu Kyi married Aris , a scholar of Tibetan culture in Bhutan .
The New Art Gallery Walsall is a modern art gallery sited in the center of the West Midlands town of Walsall .
During the reorganization of the districts in 1969 several of the municipalities in the district were merged to become cities , however the district itself was only modified minimally , and also in the second reorganization 1974 it stayed nearly in the same borders as in 1817 .
Avena sativa is an wild ancestor .
The Palearctic ecozone includes mostly boreal and temperate climate ecoregions , which run across Eurasia from western Europe to the Bering Sea .
The Division was named after the Rt Hon Robert Lowe , 1st Viscount Sherbrooke , a former Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council , and former Home Secretary of the United Kingdom .
Voldemort 's death , Harry and Ginny are married and have three children .
The 1963 Atlantic hurricane season was a yearly average Atlantic hurricane season .
The movie relates the story of three student filmmakers ( Heather Donahue , Joshua Leonard , and Michael C. Williams ) who disappeared while hiking in the Black Hills near Burkittsville , Maryland in 1994 to film a documentary about a local legend known as the Blair Witch .
Gingerbread was brought to Europe in 992 by the Armenian monk Gregory of Nicopolis ( Gregory Makar ) .
Cypress Gardens was a theme park near Winter Haven , Florida .
A logarithm transforms the operations of multiplication and division to addition and subtraction according to the rules .
All six of the Tahitian men were killed during the on-and-off fighting , some by the widows of the murdered mutineers and others by each other .
The International Date Line ( IDL ) is an imaginary line .
As with the brass instruments , the shape of the interior of the mouthpiece can greatly affect the sound of the instrument .
The Division of Fisher is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland .
While he was in the publishing business , Garroway began reading various law books in an effort to try to understand what his lawyer was saying .
It bounces , but breaks when given a sharp blow and can also flow like a liquid .
The last emperor of the Qing Dynasty was convinced by the Japanese to accept the control of the Imperial Japanese Army .
The procedures of the Diet of Japan have moved away from the British parliamentary model .
Its name is in honor of General John A. Elmore .
The Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences ( Swedish Nobel Prize in Swedish of Alfred Nobel , Swedish riksbanks pris ) is an award for outstanding contributions to the field of economics .
In 1982 Phelps was appointed the McVickar Professor of Political Economy at Columbia .
Some leukemia patients do not have high white blood cell counts visible during a regular blood count .
The discovery requires extensive knowledge of appropriate reagents .
As a result of magnetic activity caused by convection , Wolf 359 is a flare star that can undergo sudden increases in luminosity for several minutes .
Amazonian tribes used the shells of turtles as vessels , boiling the entrails of the turtle and various other ingredients in them .
In Antiquity , Pliny the Elder mentioned Trevi as a city of the comune , at Bovara , in the 1950s .
`` The Monkey Time '' became Okeh 's first hit single for 10 years .
In 1939 , it was taken over by the RAAF , with an area leased out for civil aviation .
The distinction between semiconductors and insulators is a matter of convention .
Julie Blanchette ( born January 9 , 1977 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ringette player .
The term is still fairly common in physical geography literature but has otherwise generally fallen out of use except as described below .
In February 2006 , South Africa 's state-owned power company , Eskom , said to increase the capacity of the Inga dramatically through improvements and the construction of a new hydroelectric dam .
His son William , aged about eight , succeeded him .
cylinders have been made to make it easier to make it easier .
It has an area of 5.90 km2 and 15,900 inhabitants .
Charles Emmanuel died in Turin in 1773 .
Double quotation marks , or pairs of single ones , are also often used to represent the ditto mark .
These women would be educated so that they were able to appear in public as a royal wife .
He prepares them for when the women arrive .
It is known that he did own land in central Plymouth where the Mayflower Society House now stands .
It is sometimes called Gauss-Jordan elimination .
The movie premiered in Mexico City on December 21 , 1944 .
His rank of coxswain entitled him to command his own boat and crew .
Under the outer container of the <unk> ( or built into its base ) is a heat source .
It was born in Mexborough , in what was at that time the West Riding of Yorkshire .
It continued westward across the Gulf of Mexico , hitting between Matamoros and Tampico , Mexico .
Donald McNichol Sutherland , OC ( born 17 July 1935 ) is a Canadian actor .
Ysaÿe met her in 1922 while conductor of the Cincinnati Orchestra .
In fact , the most extensive brackish water habitats worldwide are estuaries , where a river meets the sea .
The song is like several other Oasis songs , such as `` Supersonic '' , in that it preaches the importance of being yourself .
A International Journal of Minority Language Philologies is a linguistic journal about minority languages .
By middle school , she knew she was interested in comedy , doing an independent-study project on the subject in eighth grade .
The first commercial Hevea plantations in India were established at Thattekadu in Kerala in 1902 .
`` You Make Me Wanna ... '' is a song by American recording artist Usher .
During late 2007 , Samsung used the track `` Toothpaste Kisses '' in its advertisement campaign for its SGH-G800 mobile phone .
A controversial ` Pro-Life Amendment ( anti-abortion clause ) , which was thought to recognize the ` Right to Life of the Unborn ' , was added to the Irish constitution , against FitzGerald 's advice , in a national referendum .
Frederick wrote in his Testament politique that Jews on the Polish border were therefore encouraged to perform all the protection and support from the king as any other Prussian citizen .
IFPRI carries out food policy research and disseminates it through hundreds of publications , bulletins , conferences , and other initiatives .
The northern tribes have two gods , Awafwa and Ishishemi , the spirits of good and evil .
He graduated from Redlands High School in Redlands , California .
Barry Hyde was given a golden guitar by his parents when he was young .
This often gives the combined advantage of name recognition and more control over one 's music along with a larger part of royalty profits .
That difference accounts for the ontological usefulness of the word `` abstract '' .
His father gave him a trumpet and arranged lessons with local musician Elwood Buchanan .
Their name was 175 mph ( 282 km\/h ) .
The city became the head municipality of the new province .
The last remaining players from the Original Six era ( prior to the Expansion Era ) , ( Carol Vadnais , Serge Savard and Wayne Cashman ) all retired after this season .
He also worked on his first movie Der Richter von Zalamea .
<unk> said that territorial male stickleback fish would attack a wooden fish model more vigorously than a real male if its underside was redder .
In 1839 , the Texas Congress formed a commission to seek a site for a new capital to be named for Stephen F. Austin .
She continued as president of Sri Lanka although her relationship with the Wickremasinghe government was a strained one .
He charged back but retired with clutch problems .
Thomas Weelkes ( baptised 25 October 1576 - 30 November 1623 ) was an English composer and organist .
Chromalveolata is a eukaryote supergroup first proposed by Thomas Cavalier-Smith .
Dietrich Mateschitz bought a majority share in the team and Fritz Kaiser until 1975 .
It forms part of the ` Golden Triangle ' of British universities .
This is one reason why dislocated joints must be set as quickly as possible : if the ligaments lengthen too much , then the joint will be weakened , becoming prone to future dislocations .
There are many High Priest and Priestess acting .
Each has three supplementary players held in reserve .
Through the mid-1990s the team was the nucleus around which the community of Italian Formula One constructors collapsed .
It was a New York Times Notable Book , 2006 and a New York Times Notable Book ( 2005 ) .
It superseded the Canada-United States Free Trade Agreement between the U.S. and Canada .
The team continued to use Sauber 's facilities , mostly for chassis construction and wind tunnel testing .
The movie was released on VHS and DVD on February 4 , 2003 .
Lithium hydroxide is used to make lithium carbonate .
The skin secretions of the frog have antibacterial and antiviral properties that may prove useful in pharmaceutical preparations .
While he was still growing up , chancellor Niels Kaas and the Rigsraadet council : Peder Munk , Jørgen Rosenkrantz and Christopher Walkendorf , served as trustees of the royal power .
This portion now forms the middle of the house .
Tropical Depression Six developed on July 19 in the tropical Atlantic Ocean .
In March 2009 , Dunham signed a multi-platform deal with Comedy Central .
They can be prepared and served cold , like mayonnaise , prepared cold but served lukewarm like pesto , or can be cooked like bechamel and served warm like apple sauce .
The character Pippi Longstocking was invented for her daughter to amuse her while she was ill and bed-ridden .
The courts dismissed the indictments .
The company built 154 Boeing 720s and 720Bs from 1959 to 1967 .
In 1980 , Israel annexed East Jerusalem .
On significant days , a piper or a bugler descends from the gallery , playing the Last Post .
As of 2003 , the book had sold over two million copies .
Jackson plays a total of five roles in the movie .
His first term was marked by SEDCO 's involvement in the largest oil blowout in history , the Ixtoc I oil spill , which caused extensive damage .
After the release , he was again refused permission to leave the USSR .
He said the German guards put the surviving POWs to work , breaking into basements and bomb shelters to gather bodies for mass burial , while German civilians cursed and threw rocks at them .
The 1950 Wings were already deep in offensive talent with established players such as Gordie Howe , Ted Lindsay and Sid Abel , so Black was told to concentrate on the defensive aspect of the game .
Ancient woodland is formally defined on maps by Natural England and equivalent bodies .
Misuse , defacement and destruction of such symbols is considered an offense in many countries .
In the May 22 , 1974 issue of Boston 's The Real Paper music critic Jon Landau wrote at the Harvard Square Theater , `` I saw rock and roll future , and its name is Bruce Springsteen .
The Indigo Bunting is a small bird , with a length of 11.5-13 cm .
He founded SEDCO in 1947 , the world 's largest offshore drilling company and technical leader of the offshore drilling industry .
Some flightless varieties of island birds are closely related to flying varieties , implying flight is a significant biological cost .
In 1840 , the center of population was about 260 miles west of Washington , near Weston , Virginia .
In general , phagocytes patrol the body searching for pathogens , but are also able to react to a group of highly specialized molecular signals produced by other cells , called cytokines .
In 1940 the Manchukuo yuan was used to measure Manchukuo exports and imports to countries that included America , Germany and Japan .
Bates then retired to his private law practice in Boston .
The circulation could have been interrupted by the introduction of a large amount of fresh water into the North Atlantic , possibly caused by a period of warming before the Little Ice Age known as the Medieval Warm Period .
Rocket motor is a rocket engine .
WWE first held the event in December 2003 .
Hopetoun had brought his own Official Secretary , Captain Edward William Wallington , who handled all his communications with London .
Females lay their eggs singly on the host plant .
It combines the 737-700 fuselage with the wings and landing gear of a 2007 737-800 .
The first Mark 2 Colossus went into service at Bletchley Park on 1 June 1944 .
It is named after Prince Alfred , Duke of Edinburgh , the second son of Queen Victoria , in honor of his visit to the island in 1867 .
She featured on the UK top five single , `` Just Be Good to Green '' by Professor Green in June 2010 .
Officials determined the crash was the fault of a mechanic who had worked on the plane .
He first wrote his song at 1994 in the movie `` Ogni Sontan '' .
For most untrained people , the process of smelling gives little information about the specific ingredients of an odor .
The polysaccharide structure represents the main storage form of glucose in the body .
In 1953 , officially 36,000 Italians lived in Yugoslavia , 16 % of the Italian population before World War II .
<unk> is a vegetable with green or purple leaves .
In 1676 , he became a freeman in Salem before moving back to Marshfield a couple of years later .
When revolution broke out in Prussia in March 1848 , part of the larger Revolutions of 1848 , the king initially moved to repress it with the army , but later decided to recall the troops and place himself at the head of the movement on 19 March .
That year , he met Samuel Taylor Coleridge in Somerset .
Wheels of Pierre Robert are physically shorter ( due to loss of moisture ) , yet creamier than the regular-aged Brillat Savarin .
Gordon Allan `` Phat '' Wilson ( December 29 , 1895 - July 26 , 1970 ) was a Canadian amateur ice hockey forward who won the Allan Cup three times as a member of the Port Arthur Bearcats .
A long legal battle , Guth v. Loft , then ensued , with the case reaching the Delaware Supreme Court and ultimately ending in a loss for Guth .
It was not ready for the stage , so he needed another ballet to take its place .
Another version says that she found silkworms eating the mulberry leaves and spinning cocoons .
They have also recorded at least four tracks under the alias of Hell Interface .
He declared a policy of neutrality and non-alignment , following Switzerland 's model .
On the October 27 , 2008 episode of Raw , DiBiase and Rhodes lost their title to CM Punk and Kofi Kingston .
Former antagonist and anti-hero Zuko changes sides and joins Aang .
The term ` museum ' has expanded in common usage to encompass online collections , in much the same way other activities have made the transition .
Finnish is a member of the Finnic group of languages .
As a young boy , Hilton developed entrepreneurial skills working at his father 's general store in Socorro County , New Mexico .
Tucker , a board-certified child psychiatrist , worked for several years on this research with Ian Stevenson before taking over upon Stevenson 's retirement in 2002 .
These have a very low viscosity , which is why they ` flood ' rather than form taller volcanoes .
It is 2.8 miles ( 4.5 km ) wide at its narrowest ( between Kent County 's Plum Point near Newtown and the Harford County shore near Romney Creek ) .
Although the majority of Super Mario 64 would end up featuring the free-roaming design , elements of the original fixed path concept would remain in certain parts of the game , particularly in the three Bowser encounters .
It was the first Argentine players drafted in the NBA .
The project cost more than $ 1 billion and provides enough power for more than 250,000 average Texan homes .
John Eleuthère du Pont ( November 22 , 1938 - December 9 , 2010 ) was a convicted murderer .
About 500 Aboriginal people live in the park , many of them are traditional owners .
However , the history of the Roman Kingdom began with the city 's founding , traditionally dated to 753 BC with settlements around the Palatine Hill along the river Tiber in Central Italy .
The Guardian has been the first woman to be listed among `` The 40 Most Powerful Celebrities In Africa '' by Forbes Magazine .
Nevertheless , these changes are exceedingly small compared in the total angular momenta of the system ( which is conserved despite these effects , ignoring the even much tinier amounts of angular momentum ejected in material and gravitational waves leaving the Solar System by other stars ) , and for almost all purposes the plane defined on orbits alone can be considered invariable when working in Newtonian dynamics .
Rachel is the daughter of an interracial same-sex couple , and is Jewish .
He was so moved by her death that he decided to abdicate , June 4 , 1802 in favor of his brother Victor Emmanuel .
Using these regulations , stadiums are rated as category one , two , three , or four ( renamed from elite ) in ascending ranking order .
It was one of the winners of the `` Encore '' awards organized by the Royal Philharmonic Society and BBC Radio 3 .
This section was re-opened by the Lachlan Valley Railway .
Each step takes up a full beat of the music .
When he was 16 , May found Leslie playing Tchaikovsky 's Piano Concerto no. .
John Phillip Law as Sinbad .
It is a non profit event with all proceeds being distributed to charities and good causes , primarily in and around the Abergavenny area .
In the early years of The Oprah Winfrey Show , the program was classified as a tabloid talk show .
Another special feature of the museum is the Touch Gallery which is specially designed for the visually impaired .
In 1911 , the house underwent a large extension for the visit of George V and Queen Mary .
A battle axe is an axe designed for combat .
Woodland may form a transition to shrubland under drier conditions or during early stages of primary or secondary succession .
The City of Los Angeles owns the entire zoo , and the animals .
By the 4th century , Antioch 's declining population was about 200,000 according to Chrysostom , a figure which again does not include slaves .
On July 2 , 1967 , the Vela 4 and Vela 3 moons detected a flash of gamma radiation unlike any known nuclear weapons signature .
Very little information is available for study prior to the reign of Emperor Kimmei ( 509 ?
The model is holding a crystal apple , and the message True love never runs smooth ( based on the quote from William Shakespeare 's Dream ) symbolizes the relationship between Riko and Teppei , which constantly faces struggles from when they meet for the very first time to the love triangle .
The area of the main campus was west of the University of Sheffield .
It has developed the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 launch vehicles , both of which were designed from conception to eventually become reusable .
Louis Laurent Marie Clerc ( 26 December 1785 - 18 July 1869 ) was called `` The Apostle of the Deaf in America '' by generations of American deaf people .
According to legend , in 832 A.D. Óengus II led an army of Picts and Scots into battle against the Angles led by Æthelstan , near modern-day Athelstaneford , East Lothian .
An American feature movie version from Columbia Pictures was released in 1988 , directed by British veteran director Ken Annakin and Dick Van Patten in supporting roles .
The modern Siamese shares the pointed color pattern with the Thai , or traditional Siamese .
The event begins on the last Monday in August , and ends on the first Monday in September , which ends on the American Labor Day holiday .
In 2004 he was awarded the Honorary Artist of the Republic of Armenia title by the President Robert Kocharyan .
<unk> DNA is divided into several linear bundles called chromosomes , which are separated by a microtubular spindle during nuclear division .
The peninsula is served by the narrow-gauge Eyre Peninsula Railway .
Soon , a subtropical ridge to the west of the storm weakened and the subtropical ridge to the east of the system pushed Talas to the west .
He was highly popular with the students of Giuseppe Perotti School in Torino , Italy for her distance-learning `` creative writing '' courses .
Of those that survive , his works based on the best known .
The Division of Gorton is an Australian Electoral Division in Victoria .
Mansell closed in on Piquet , breaking the lap record 3 times towards the finish , taking 2 seconds a lap out of his lead .
They also predicted that seven tropical cyclones would pass within 100 km ( 62 mi ) of the Korean Peninsula or Japan .
Melvin `` Mel '' Blanc ( May 30 , 1908 - July 10 , 1989 ) was an American actor .
Saint Valentine 's Day , also known as Valentine 's Day or the Feast of Saint Valentine , is a holiday on February 14 .
Internet Explorer 8 `` Final '' was released on March 19 , 2009 .
At 1415 UTC on September 12 Ivan passed 25 miles ( 40 km ) south-southwest of George Town , Cayman Islands , with sustained winds of 150 mph ( 240 km\/h ) were reported .
He continued to produce novels with great regularity , showing amounting to nearly eighty in number .
From 1967 to 1971 , he studied economics at the University of Bonn .
Like many Egyptian gods , the worship of Bes was exported with the Phoenicians and the ancient Cypriots .
By November 21 , 2011 , the game was the bestselling title in the United Kingdom , despite sales dropping by 87 % .
Romero is divorced from Christine Forrest , meaning Romero .
Another way of saying that a ( non-negative ) number is a square number , is that its square roots are again integers .
Torquoselectivity is used to describe selective electrocyclic ring openings .
Yangon has three radio stations .
It Stride 's body was discovered at about 1 a.m. , in Dutfield 's Yard , off Berner Street ( now Henriques Street ) in Whitechapel .
Other commonly used names are nitro or just model fuel .
He founded a design firm in partnership with the artist Edward Burne-Jones , and the poet and artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti which profoundly influenced the decoration of churches and houses into the early 20th century .
It is sometimes described as `` duty '' or `` obligation '' or `` rule '' or `` rule '' - based ethics , because rules `` bind you to your duty '' .
Select levels also include items hidden in the dirt that will unlock bonus levels when three-item collections are completed .
Undertaker then performed Tombstone Piledriver on Henry and pushed him into the casket to win the match and improve his WrestleMania record to 14-0 .
William Blake ( 28 November 1757 - 12 August 1827 ) was an English poet , painter and printmaker .
In the 1880s , local attorney William R. Stewart was the second African American elected to the Ohio House of Representatives .
Jamia Masjid Jarral is known for its architecture work .
Surprisingly , in a spring 2005 poll , 28 percent of all respondents named Wulff as their preferred candidate for the Christian Democrat nomination for Chancellor in the 2006 election .
It was based on the format of the English FA Cup .
Thus , speed over the ground ( SOG ) and rate of progress towards a distant point ( `` velocity made good '' ) and rate of progress towards a distant point ( `` velocity made good '' ) .
They are made from burnished steel instead of silver , feature the Cybus Industries logo on its chest , and have a general art deco design .
Several collections , including all Australian military service records from the Second Boer War to the Vietnam War , have been made available online and are popular with researchers .
In every column containing a leading coefficient has zeros elsewhere , the matrix is said to be in reduced row echelon form .
He co-edited and contributed to two collections for Cambridge University Press : Studies in Resource Allocation Processes ( 1978 , with Kenneth Arrow ) and Social Goals and Social Organization ( 1987 , with David Schmeidler and Hugo Sonnenschein ) .
In 2006 , a geologist reported that the islets formed 4.5 million years ago and are quickly eroding .
The Dordrecht Confession of Faith is a statement of religious beliefs .
Four of these are Nguni languages ( Zulu , Xhosa , Swati and Ndebele ) and three are Sotho-Tswana languages ( Northern Sotho , Southern Sotho and Tswana ) .
Her contract ended with Columbia after a dispute with the label , and Keys later signed with Clive Davis .
Shown below is a diagram of a two-electron fragment approaching a four-electron π-system using frontier molecular orbitals .
Balanchine married Tamara Geva in 1923 .
The incident occurred during a Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association march ; the soldiers involved were members of the First Battalion of the Parachute Regiment ( 1 Para ) .
It was designed to serve as a GUI-based , user-accessible means of downloading and installing various applications , both free and proprietary .
The script began with a 68-page outline , with the dialogue to be improvised .
If the potential energy is set to zero at infinite distance from the atomic nucleus or molecule , the usual convention , then bound electron states have negative potential energy .
But otherwise , talk page attribution will be necessary .
Water The water that is ejected from a geyser must travel underground through deep , pressurized fissures in the Earth 's crust .
On August 31 , Katrina was absorbed by a frontal boundary and became a powerful extratropical low , causing 1.97-6 .69 inches ( 50-170 mm ) of rain in 12 hours , as well as gale-force wind gusts from 31 to 61 mph ( 50 to 98 km\/h ) in southeastern Quebec and northern New Brunswick .
Although about 1⁄4 of these were experienced veterans , half were fresh conscripts and convalescents , while the remainder were transferees from the Luftwaffe and Kriegsmarine .
<unk> can be a ectopic pregnancy .
However , a one-day delay in the sailing of Nagumo 's task force resulted in Operation AL beginning a day before the Midway attack .
727-100QF QF is a process .
James Newton Howard ( born June 9 , 1951 ) is an American composer .
The monophyletic Chlorophyta and Streptophyta are classified under Viridiplantae .
In 2002 , the Royal Dutch\/Shell Group bought Pennzoil-Quaker State to form SOPUS-Shell Oil Products .
By July 1922 , <unk> forces held much of the southern province of Munster and several other areas of the country .
Fungi and plants use other MTOC structures to organize their microtubules .
He was a recovering alcoholic and drug addict , was diagnosed with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder , and has described himself as a `` borderline schizophrenic . ''
The use of sanitary epidemiological reconnaissance or similar practices in the armed forces is mentioned elsewhere .
They gave it to Jasper Tudor , Duke of Bedford .
Vernon was the only casualty .
Bloc Party said a tour of Australia announced a tour of Australia and New Zealand in August 2007 .
It can live in water with a high salt content as in St. Lucia Estuary in South Africa .
Cliff is eleven years old and the oldest of six children in his family who live in Ballingsford .
She carried a lantern on her mast , so she could be seen and a horn was blasted as a signal to the other ships following .
Among its more famous critics are the evolutionary biologists Richard Dawkins , Ford Doolittle , and Stephen Jay Gould - notable , given the diversity of this trio 's views on other scientific matters .
London Buses routes 9 , 14 , 19 , 38 and C2 serve the station .
Hansard has recorded several cover songs , both alone and with band member Colm Mac Con Iomaire , for the Today FM discs Even Better than the Real Thing .
In the early 20th century , the term `` Old Empire '' was sometimes given to Maya civilization in an analogy to Ancient Egypt .
Demolition began in late 2003 , lasting around ten months .
There is evidence that at least some of the people living in <unk> immigrated from those areas influenced by the Teotihuacano civilization , including the Zapotec , Mixtec and Maya peoples .
A cactus ( plural : cacti , or cactus ) is a member of the plant family Cactaceae within the order Caryophyllales .
Following the September 2005 election , in which the Schröder government was defeated , he left office on November 22 , 2005 .
However , in their second game of the final , Lasker reduced Capablanca to a helpless position and Capablanca was so shaken by this that he blundered away his next game to Siegbert Tarrasch .
Further research on the scrapie agent by Stanley Prusiner and others led to the identification of endogenous proteins called prions as the cause of these diseases .
Bacteria make up most of the flora in the colon and up to 60 % of the dry mass of feces .
In 2013 she posed for photographer Terry Richardson .
Founded around the 3rd century BC the kingdom maintained independence until around 90 BC when Tigranes the Great conquered the territories as part of his empire .
The term was coined by NME after the band Blur released their album Parklife in the same month of Cobain 's death .
The original Scottish Fold was a white barn cat named Susie , who was found at a farm near Angus in Perthshire , Scotland , in 1961 .
This process takes advantage of the fact that a single bacterial cell can be induced to take up and replicate a single recombinant DNA molecule .
James Buchanan ( April 23 , 1791 - June 1 , 1868 ) was the 15th President of the United States .
The idea was brought to the Zionist Congress at its sixth meeting in 1903 in Basel .
It also features the first appearance of José Carioca , the Brazilian cigar smoking parrot .
This episode , along with three other episodes of the show , is featured on the The Simpsons Gone Wild DVD released in 2004 .
Before 1949 , much of this area was part of the Division of Fremantle , which Curtin represented for most of the time from 1928 to 1945 .
The ancient capital was at Taga-jō in modern Miyagi Prefecture .
In 1985 Applegate played tragic family man-turned-kidnapper Donald Brown , a bereaved father who abducts Sam McKinney ( Danny Cooksey ) , a bereaved father who abducts Sam McKinney ( Danny Cooksey ) in order to replace his own dead son .
Influenza viruses infect both humans and pigs , but do not infect birds .
On 6 November 1893 , Tchaikovsky died on 6 November 1893 .
It is used as a catalyst .
The millisecond before contact with wood a thickened nictitating membrane closes .
By watching a partner masturbate , one finds out the methods they use to please him - or herself , allowing each partner to learn exactly how the other enjoys being touched .
The introvert is retractable into the trunk via two pairs of muscles that extend as narrow ribbons from the trunk wall to attachment points in the introvert .
He authored two books and some academic articles on Cuban politics , focusing among other things on the US embargo , which he claimed ( in the book `` La Transición Cubana y el `` Bloqueo '' Norteamericano '' and other works ) has a strong counter-productive effect .
In California , the Pamean languages in Mexico have octal systems because they are called <unk> .
A pi bond is a sigma bond .
Agnes of Kyburg , who had no male relations , sold the family 's lands to King Rudolf I von Habsburg .
Bernardino of Siena , of the Franciscan order of the Observance , visited L'Aquila twice , the first time to preach in the presence of King René of Naples , and in 1444 , on his second visit , he died in the city .
After college , Lott was drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the first round ( 8th overall pick ) of the 1981 NFL Draft .
They stayed in France to make two more movies : Philippe de Broca 's Le Roi de Coeur , opposite Alan Bates and Louis Malle 's Le voleur , opposite Jean-Paul Belmondo .
Irene B. West Elementary School in Elk Grove , California , is named for her .
However , Herbert Spencer , who invented the term `` survival of the fittest '' , invented the paper clip .
Antimony is a chemical element .
The conquest of Kishtwar meant that Singh had gained control of two of the roads which led into Ladakh to the conquest of that territory .
It is also used to refer to the small , toilet-shaped devices made especially for potty training .
The statue was rebuilt and unveiled on May 4 , 1970 , and blown up again by other Weathermen on October 6 , 1970 .
She was a principal artist of the Imperial Russian Ballet and the Ballets Russes of Sergei Diaghilev .
by Philip K. Dick .
Since about the start of World War II , the term has been applied to long-range artillery pieces that fire at a relatively low angle .
The name later changed to Dzogchen Orgyen Chöling .
The album also included a cover of Talk Talk 's `` It 's My Life '' , the only new song on the album and which was released as a single .
There are no medicine-men : the women are the doctors .
Three genera , Uranomys , and Acomys were once considered to be murines , but were more closely related to gerbils through molecular phylogenetics .
Brighton and Hove was made as a unitary authority in 1997 .
John King survived the expedition with the assistance of friendly Aborigines .
According to an English teacher at the local high school located on a hill above the tsunami , `` The entire town was simply swept away .
Alexei Anatolievich Navalny ( Russian : Алексе́й Анато́льевич Нава́льный ) , born 4 June 1976 ) is a Russian lawyer , political and politician .
The mean annual temperatures range from 18 ° C ( 64 ° F ) at higher elevations to 27 ° C ( 81 ° F ) on the lowlands in the drier southwest .
The red pine ( Pinus resinosa ) is pine native to North America .
Winifred 's influence with Hitler was so strong that Hitler even wrote a letter to anti-fascist Italian conductor Arturo Toscanini , begging him to lead the festival .
For example , in the United States an entry level university student is known as an undergraduate , while students of higher degrees are known as graduates .
Originally , the term gingerbread ( from Latin zingiber via Old French gingebras ) referred to preserved ginger .
It is the color that is in between the web color chartreuse and yellow on the color wheel .
For example , if we move the locations of the North Pole and South Pole on a sphere , the latitude and longitude change for all the points on the sphere .
He served as a Private in Company E , 7th U.S. Infantry during the American Indian Wars .
His second wife , with whom he had a daughter , died in 1972 in a car accident in which Masur was severely injured .
A few months later , the College of Bishops of the United Methodist Church released a report detailing an investigation of its own into the scandal .
India rejects the Pakistani stance by maintaining the fact that the creek is navigable in high tide , and that fishing trawlers use it to go out to sea .
It got its distinctive large crack sometime in the early 19th century-a widespread story claims it cracked while ringing after the death of Chief Justice John Marshall in 1835 .
Thus was created the SEFA in 1993 , bringing together under one organization all the necessary needs to implement the tasks entrusted by the DGAC .
<unk> or Classical Pentecostalism is a renewal movement within Christianity that places special emphasis on a direct personal experience of God through the baptism with the Holy Spirit .
For the U.S. , this need prompted the development of effective combat air transport for the first time .
She teaches at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and became the Artistic Director of Spitalfields Festival in London in 2006 , taking over from Jonathan Dove .
It contained over 300 pages of opening analysis , and almost 100 pages of endgame analysis .
The conscious contains ideals and morals that exist within society that prevent people from acting out based on their internal desires .
Also , former party leader François Hollande have the primary and ran as the official Socialist Party candidate for President of France .
Another strategy used to promote the website was the use of `` Kanoka points '' .
He joined Maggie Evelyn Brook , a magistrate 's wife .
Liberace , known as `` Lee '' to his friends and `` Walter '' to family , was born in West Allis , Wisconsin .
Vulcan 's contribution to the beautiful and foolish Pandora was to mould her from clay and to give her form .
Marin County is ranked as the wealthiest in the state .
The many major historical sites have helped Gyeongju become one of the most popular tourist destinations in South Korea .
Spencer-Thomas has worked extensively in television and radio broadcasting as a news journalist .
The body forms one-fifth of the acetabulum , contributing by its external surface both to the lunate surface and the acetabular fossa .
McCullough spent ten years from April 1967 to 1976 researching and teaching in the Department of Neurology at the Yale Medical School in New Haven , Connecticut , United States .
Type II Cepheids ( also termed Population II Cepheids ) are population II variable stars which pulsate with periods typically between 1 and 50 days .
In 1640 , they had a second daughter , also named Cornelia , who died after living barely over a month .
The butterfly also flies on sunny winter days , especially in southern Europe .
The 64 km ( 40 mi ) coastline of the Bristol Channel and Severn Estuary forms part of the northern border of Somerset .
She was born in Jarala ( a place in Pakistan ) .
An geothermal system generates geothermal electricity without the need for natural convective hydrothermal resources .
Chemist Sir William Henry Perkin , then eighteen , was attempting to create artificial quinine in 1856 .
Sattar 's legacy includes countless works that have been exhibited all over the world , including personal exhibitions in the U.S. , England , Turkey and Russia .
Vicari currently lives and works at his studio outside Nice , France , although he also owns apartments in Riyadh and Monte Carlo .
If a chemical synthesis starts from basic laboratory compounds and yields something new , it is a purely synthetic process .
It is appropriate for guitar music , with drop D tuning making two Ds available as open strings .
Potassium sulfide is a chemical compound .
The airline started operations on October 29 , 2008 .
Vere , as an old man , remembers Billy 's burial at sea , reflecting that the man he failed to save has instead blessed and saved him .
They measured in electric potential or electric pressure .
The Star-Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the United States .
The computerised singing the Computerettes was performed by the <unk> .
Leipzig has an extensive local public transport network .
Although the episode received generally favorable reviews , it finished third in its timeslot .
Another example is of goats competing with cattle in Australia , or goats trees and vegetation in environmentally-stressed regions of Africa .
Nieves has a goal of trying to qualify for and compete in the 2016 Summer Paralympics .
This was undertaken with his friend Asa Gray , the leading American botanist of the day .
On 30 September 2004 , researchers from the National Science Museum of Japan and the Ogasawara Whale Watching took the first images of a live giant squid in its natural habitat .
Since then , the Singapore Government has designated the place as a `` Historical Site '' .
Much of the Mormon belief system is oriented geographically around the North and South American continents .
Superunknown became the band 's breakthrough album , driven by the singles `` Spoonman '' , `` The Day I Tried to Live '' , `` Black Hole Sun '' , `` My Wave '' , and `` Fell on Black Days '' ; Superunknown debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 album chart .
On March 25 , 1917 , 8 Flora was mistaken for the 15th magnitude star TU Leonis .
It was in the City of Manchester .
She was considered one of the greatest Cuban stars and the queen of the `` <unk> film '' .
The advertising poster appears over and over again .
While info for every storm that happened is not available , some parts of the coastline were had enough people to give info of hurricane happenings .
Cee Lo 's Magic Moment is the first Christmas studio album and first Christmas released by Cee Lo Green on October 29 , 2012 in the United Kingdom .
Krumbach was a district in Swabia in the southwest of Bavaria , Germany , before the regional reorganization in 1972 .
A large hydrogen sigmatropic shift was utilized in a corrin synthesis performed by Albert Eschenmoser containing a 16π system .
Over the last century , a number of moves have been made to reconcile the schism between the Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox churches .
Apomictically produced offspring are genetically identical to the parent plant .
It caused 200 deaths , and is estimated to have been a Category 4 hurricane .
About 2,500 species are known worldwide , including about <unk> species in North America .
The region was known from ancient times for its volcanic nature and exceptionally hot springs .
The muscular neck may have been used in fighting conspecifics .
As a senior in 1986 , he was a consensus first-team All-American and won the Heisman Trophy , on his way to becoming the Hurricanes ' all-time leader in career touchdown passes with 48 .
Lyon known by the stage name Lorne Greene , ( February 12 , 1915 - September 11 , 1987 ) , better known by the stage name Lorne Greene .
Bing ( known previously as Live Search , Windows Live Search , and MSN Search ) is a web search engine ( advertised as a `` decision engine '' ) from Microsoft .
However , in Guerrero , around 100 houses in Acapulco and Zihuatanejo were damaged or washed away by flash flooding .
She was on the cover in the other two editions , one next to Scheila Carvalho , her colleague É o Tchan !
Apache OpenOffice ( AOO ) is an open-source office productivity software suite .
Weta was working on the creatures .
The Three Caballeros is a 1944 American animated movie .
The Germans attacked a weakly defended section .
Subversive activity is the lending of aid , comfort , and moral support to individuals , groups , or organizations that advocate the overthrow of incumbent governments by force and violence .
Richmond 's economy is primarily driven by law , finance , and government , with federal , state , and local governmental agencies , as well as notable legal and banking firms , in the downtown area .
It is used as a coating for hot cathodes , for example ray tubes .
She won a Golden Globe for her performance in the movie Working Girl ( 1988 ) .
The final story , The House at Pooh Corner by A. A. Milne , was read by Alan Bennett and broadcast on 24 March 1996 .
Only includes standalone events .
The most notable interview of Gray 's sportscasting career occurred with former baseball player Pete Rose .
Hayden was born in the Hawke Government .
He took office after winning the March 2006 presidential election and was re-elected to a second term in March 2011 .
The group have also performed at various charity projects such as Band Aid 20 , Live 8 , Sound Relief , Hope for Haiti Now : A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief , The Secret Policeman 's Ball , and the Teenage Cancer Trust .
The practice can arise from religious prohibitions and practical considerations .
Jean-Baptiste Pierre Antoine de Monet , Chevalier de Monet ( 1 August 1744 - 18 December 1829 ) , often known as Lamarck , was a French naturalist .
It would be monitored by an independent authority .
The first European country to introduce women 's suffrage was the Grand Duchy of Finland in 1906 .
Until her death , Parker lived at Heritage House Convalescent Center , a retirement community in Shelbyville , Indiana .
In September 1996 Nielsens debut album `` Silvertoner '' was released .
He is buried in the Forbes Cemetery .
The pilot , directed by Adam Bernstein , centered on the head writer of a variety show and how she managed her relationships with the show 's volatile star and its executive producer .
The Dalmatian ( Pelecanus crispus ) is a family of pelican family .
The Universal Orlando Resort , commonly known as Universal Orlando , is a theme park resort in Orlando , Florida .
There is a example Al Michaels , a former American football receiver , and a former American football receiver .
On September 17 , Roke developed a small , deep convective eye promoting the JMA to upgrade Roke to a severe tropical storm with winds of over 50 knots ( 93 km\/h ; 58 mph ) .
George VI Ice Shelf entirely fills George VI Sound and connects Alexander island to Palmer Land .
Although he was actually referring to a Florida hurricane ( Floyd ) , and went on to forecast stormy conditions over the South of England , the statement has gone down in popular culture as one of the worst mistakes made so publicly .
The Ma On Shan Line was constructed by the KCR to serve Ma On Shan and City One residential areas and operation of the line was outsourced to the MTR .
So , understanding of chemical reactions and predict future concentrations of chemical compounds in the atmosphere .
He produces mashup-style remixes , in which he uses often a dozen or more unauthorized samples from different songs to create a mashup .
It is the 22nd episode of the sixth season of The Simpsons .
It can be reached within half an hour by car or subway hour by train and subway .
Marilyn passed over the islands of Vieques and Culebra , where it caused much damage .
Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales initially supported Essjay 's use of a persona , saying , `` I regard it as a pseudonym and I do n't really have a problem with it . ''
Without Lamb , lead guitarist Josh Farro , was required to play both guitar parts on the album .
The addition of spices such as cinnamon , cloves and nutmeg was , according to the English antiquary John Timbs , `` in token of the offerings of the Eastern Magi . ''
He said , `` It was the first song I 'd ever written the words first .
The Rescuers Down Under was the first animated theatrical film by Disney ; along with Fantasia 2000 and Winnie the Pooh , it is one of the few sequels that are part of the Disney animated features canon .
The team plays its home games at Herschel Greer Stadium .
Significant amounts are also used in the production of polycarbonates by its reaction with bisphenol A. Polycarbonates are an important class of engineering thermoplastic found , for example , in lenses in eye glasses .
These include barbecue sauce , barbecue sauce , hummus , yoghurt and garlic chilli .
In 1965 , civil parishes in London were formally abolished when Greater London was created , as the legislative framework for Greater London did not make provision for any local government body below a London borough ( since all of London was previously part of a metropolitan borough , municipal borough or urban district , no actual parish councils were abolished ) .
They wore guard the entrances or the supernatural , such as hunting and burial grounds .
The first day of March was chosen in remembrance of the death of Saint David .
Behind them , Piquet passed Nannini to take fifth .
Tina Wesson , Colby Donaldson , Jerri Manthey , Alicia Calaway , and Amber Brkich returned to compete in Survivor : All-Stars .
Odessa is also a Ukrainian naval base and home to a fishing fleet .
He traveled briefly to the United States in 1947 before settling in Switzerland , where he lived the rest of his life .
He studied in Berlin and Vienna .
The leader is more powerful than the President of Iran and appoints the heads of many powerful posts in the military , the civil government , and the judiciary .
There are also American , French and Nigerien cultural centres , with seven major market centers .
In addition to Lubitsch , DeMille and Capra , Colbert was working with the top directors in the industry : Dorothy Arzner , Preston Sturges , Frank Lloyd , John M. Stahl , Wesley Ruggles , Gregory La Cava , George Cukor , and John Ford .
It is the home province of Carlos P. Garcia , the eighth president of the Republic of the Philippines ( 1957-1961 ) who was born in Talibon , Bohol .
After touring in support of its first full-length studio album Ultramega OK ( 1988 ) , Soundgarden signed with A&M and began work on its first album for a major label .
She was also a self-taught drummer and harmonica player , and frequently played each instrument onstage .
While at the 1964 New York World 's Fair , Sarria learned that Jimmy Moore had committed suicide .
He developed an interest in power generation and invented several dynamos and generators .
Fontainebleau is a sub-prefecture of the Seine-et-Marne department , and it is the seat of the arrondissement of Fontainebleau .
Carbon atoms may have different numbers of neutrons .
When laying eggs , some species will submerge themselves completely in order to lay their eggs on a good surface .
It was released in Japan on November 11 , 2007 .
After the Liberals won the 2010 Victorian election , Napthine was made a member of Ted Baillieu 's cabinet .
This image was then mistakenly used by other media , most notably the Polish newspaper Gazeta Olsztyńska for a 4 February 2010 front page story about the Olympics in Vancouver .
Norfolk International Airport was established in 1938 when the city-owned Manor Golf Course was converted to Norfolk Municipal Airport , complete with a 3,500-foot ( 1,100 m ) runway .
It is the only university in Peru with a Nobel Prize laureate among its alumni : Mario Vargas Llosa ( Literature ) .
The Romans identified Vulcan with the Greek smith-god Hephaestus .
The first recorded use of amaranth as a color name in English was in 1690 .
In June 2008 John Laing formed a consortium with Hitachi and Barclays Private Equity called Agility Trains to bid .
The bridge 's strength is provided by the panels on the sides .
The Li ( 黎 ) or Hlai are a minority ethnic group .
She was the last of nine children .
He recorded 623 passing yards and five touchdowns as a senior , despite an injured foot that limited him to four games .
The capital city is San Fernando de Monte Cristi .
<unk> look and a forgiving fit make this a flattering look for most body types .
Weighing nearly 68 short tons ( almost 62 metric tons ) , it is one of the heaviest main battle tanks in service .
On the other hand , John Lundstrom is among those who challenge `` the contention that it took dissection of Koga 's Zero to create tactics that beat the fabled airplane '' .
The seeds are only released by the bird breaking the cones open .
Supramolecular chemistry refers to the domain of chemistry beyond that of molecules .
The viola d'amore ( Italian : love viol ) is a 7 - 6-stringed musical instrument .
The orange circle , set A , represents all creatures that are two-legged .
He has composed music for over 100 films , including award-winning movie scores for The Lion King ( 1994 ) , Crimson Tide ( 1995 ) , The Thin Red Line ( 1998 ) , and Inception ( 2010 ) .
He was also responsible for suppressing some Nubian revolts and carrying out a campaign in Libya .
There are several types of aviation altitude :
The band changed its name to `` Rise Against '' in 2001 and released their first album , Unraveling ( produced by veteran punk producer Mass Giorgini ) on Fat Wreck Chords that same year .
Time Inc. is a part of the media conglomerate Time Warner , the company formed by the 1990 merger of the original Time Inc. and Warner Communications .
At Desterro ( the provincial capital , later Florianópolis ) on the island of Santa Catarina .
Foote died in Memphis on June 27 , 2005 .
In May 2006 , the five GPMA-backed teams signed a memorandum of understanding with the commercial rightsholders ( CVC\/Ecclestone ) which formed the basis of the next Concorde Agreement .
It grows at 1,600-4 ,900 m altitude .
Ice is water frozen into a solid state .
The Battle of Uḥud was the second military encounter between the Meccans and the Muslims , preceded by the Battle of Badr in 624 , where a small Muslim army had defeated a larger Meccan army .
The Gulf of Genoa is its northernmost part .
He journeyed to Tyre , the mother city of Carthage , and then to Ephesus , where he was honorably received by Antiochus III of Syria , who was preparing for war with Rome .
The act or acts of heroism must have been so notable and have involved risk of life so extraordinary as to set the individual apart from his or her comrades .
The Greek philosopher Aristotle the optical principle of the pinhole camera .
Errol Flynn was born in 1909 .
McElroy 's oldest daughter May and Arthur 's daughter Nell often assisted .
They are made by melting and mixing two or more metals .
To pay for his funeral , Alice had to pawn her wedding ring , which led her back to the poker tables .
They are also frequently used in salads , or cooked in stir-fries or other mixed dishes .
Other decongestants such as pseudoephedrine are also effective in adults .
The story takes place in Nuremberg during the middle of the 16th century .
ACF Fiorentina , commonly referred to as simply Fiorentina , is a football club from Florence , Tuscany .
In 1976 , he obtained his PhD with a thesis on the relationship between the Slovenian Christian Socialist movement and the Communist Party of Slovenia within the Liberation Front of Slovenia within the Liberation Front of Slovenia .
Tagetes is a genus of 56 species of annual and perennial , mostly herbaceous plants in the sunflower family ( Asteraceae or Compositae ) .
If more than one quantum mechanical state is at the same energy , the energy levels are `` degenerate '' .
The series consists of fifteen books : the Deltora Quest consists of the Deltora Quest series of the Deltora Quest .
Arizona is home to one of the most well-preserved meteorite impact sites in the world .
In 1962 he formed a trio with Brenton Langbein ( violin ) for a performance of the Horn Trio by Don Banks , which was commissioned by the Edinburgh Festival .
Only when the eye is finally found open on the final night , penetrating the veil of secrecy , is the murder carried out .
In response to the threat , officials urged citizens to stock up on hurricane supplies , while boat owners in Staniel Cay secured their boats in preparation for the storm .
He is also known as Oswald T. Avery and Colin MacLeod .
Other uses of Pedobear include an iStockphoto wallpaper , a cover of the auto magazine Import Tuner .
Another important source of pitchblende is at Great Bear Lake in the Northwest Territories of Canada , where it is found in large quantities associated with silver .
Triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .
Scarlatti took up his duties in Naples again in 1708 , and remained there until 1717 .
At the end of 1950s , however , this recruitment is subsidiary and affects only a minority of students .
In 1848 he became mayor of Bradford .
The International Opium Convention was the first international drug control treaty .
The Welsh advances ended on 11 December , however , when Llywelyn was lured into a trap and killed at the Battle of Orewin Bridge .
His recitation , in his native Roscommon Irish dialect , remains one of the few recordings of a dialect that has long disappeared and of which Hyde himself was one of the last speakers .
Theoretical developments have gone hand in hand with developments in experimental methods , where the use of different forms of spectroscopy , such as infrared spectroscopy , microwave spectroscopy and NMR spectroscopy , is probably the most important 20th century development .
The water 's velocity , roughly twice the velocity of the bucket periphery , does a u-turn in the bucket and drops out of the runner at low velocity .
It is the sequel to the 1977 animated movie The Rescuers .
The protolith may be sedimentary rock , igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock .
Pitcher plants are several different carnivorous plants that have evolved modified leaves known as a pitfall traps - a prey-trapping mechanism featuring a deep cavity filled with liquid .
Fluorine has two solid forms : beta-fluorine and alpha-fluorine .
The troops sent to Guadalcanal were fresh from military training and armed with issue bolt action M1903 Springfield rifles and a meager 10-day supply of ammunition .
The Mass and its settings draw their name from the introit of the liturgy , which begins with the words `` Requiem aeternam dona eis , Domine '' - `` Grant them eternal rest '' .
Starting west of Eighth Avenue , city zoning regulations generally limit buildings to six stories .
The Begich Building is now a condominium .
Although some candiru species have been known to grow to a size of 40 centimetres ( 16 in ) in length , others are considerably smaller .
The nation 's capital is in the district .
The Most Cathedral of the British Empire and The Imperial Society of Knights Bachelor .
Well-known companies that developed a major presence in Hoboken after the turn-of the-century included Maxwell House , Lipton Tea , and Hostess .
It is set apart by its black and ivory coloration .
Liquid nitrogen is a cryogenic liquid .
Currently , she plays on a Guadagnini 1742 purchased in May 2004 .
These power-ups include mushrooms to give players a speed boost , Koopa Shells to be thrown at opponents , and banana peels that can be laid on the track as hazards .
In cosmetology , hair lengths are usually categorized according to the part of the body where the bulk of the longest hair terminates : chin length , mid-back level , waist length , hip-length , classic length ( extends to almost upper thigh-length , where the legs meet the buttocks ) , thigh-length , knee-length and ankle\/floor length hair .
It architects borrowed the shape of the bell tower for their minarets .
The frost-free season is very short , and a freeze can occur during any month in many areas .
247 acres in size .
He had cameo roles in Minority Report and Vanilla Sky , and supporting roles in Mission : Impossible II , Born on the Fourth of July , and Magnolia .
The player can avoid the piece , usually done by mistake .
After graduating from Fairmount High School in May 1949 , Dean moved back to California with his dog , Max , to live with his father and stepmother .
Mountain ranges outside these two systems include the Arctic Cordillera , the world 's northernmost mountain system .
Giorgio Armani ( pronounced arˈmaːni ) is an Italian fashion designer .
He is very well known in India and Pakistan for his tragic love story with Zainab .
`` I did n't copy the accident , '' Lennon said .
He is regarded as one of the first contemporary writers of Arabic literature , along with Tawfiq el-Hakim , to explore themes of existentialism .
`` Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds '' is a song written by John Lennon and credited maker , for The Beatles ' 1967 album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
Stephen was born in 1896 in New York City to Robert Ensko ( 1855-1934 ) and Mary Elizabeth Blakeley ( 1857 - ? )
1944 ) is a member of the North Carolina General Assembly and the North Carolina House of Representatives .
The outcomes of more complex or risky actions are determined by rolling dice .
Sometimes pieces of bone are used to decorate the pegs and the edges of the instrument .
Pressing the two halves of the neck together loosens the string , thus lowering its pitch .
The Bridgestone Corporation ( 株式会社ブリヂストン , Kabushiki-gaisha Burijisuton ? )
Many consider their actions to be criminal , but the MK deemed the means justified by the end goal of ending apartheid .
On December 22 , 1930 , Betty Sullivan ( who later married the Ed Sullivan Show 's producer , Bob Precht ) , was born .
He was born in Hildesheim , Germany to Georg Krebs , an ear , nose , and throat surgeon .
In 2009 , Blessed played the world 's worst explorer , Sir Basil Champion - a character based upon Blessed 's fictional inspiration , Arthur Conan Doyle .
Opeth performed a one-off concert in Stockholm , then returned to the UK to finish recording vocals for the second of the two albums , Damnation , at Steven Wilson 's No Man 's Land Studios .
Public programs are offered in the summer .
Loyalists founded Freeport in 1784 establishing fishing and trading industries .
Although it thought it is better not to decide about the status of ENAC before the university opened its doors to its new campus , the Commission permanente has taken into consideration the problem of an inadequate legal status .
In 1901 , he merged with the Carnegie Steel and Wire Company owned by William Edenborn .
Some services , especially in busy periods such as during Blackpool Illuminations or on bank holidays , start or terminate short at Cleveleys , Red Bank Road in Bispham , or the Pleasure Beach to allow a more intensive service through the center of Blackpool .
The addition of the Grignard reagent to the carbonyl typically proceeds through a six-membered ring transition state .
He was the son of Baldwin IV , Count of Flanders .
Home construction in the United Kingdom , Oman , the United Arab Emirates , Iraq , Spain , and California was now one of the major sources of the company 's growth .
Prostatitis ( less commonly prostatosis ) is inflammation of the prostate gland .
The winner was the former governor of Georgia , Jimmy Carter , the Democratic candidate , over the incumbent President Gerald Ford , the Republican candidate .
The NHL honored the victims of 9\/11 by having all players wear a patch on their jerseys , as well as a red , white and blue ribbon painted on the ice behind each net .
Just as with other hypnotics , flunitrazepam should be strictly used only on a short-term basis or in those with chronic insomnia on an occasional basis .
There are minimum lengths for skis used in competition , with men 's skis needing to be built .
He is well known for his role as Desmond Hume on the U.S. television series Lost for which he received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination .
Malevich 's architectural projects were known after 1922 Arkhitektoniki .
This footage is still shown to engineering , architecture , and physics students as a cautionary tale .
The next autumn , Robinson won his only championship when the Dodgers beat the New York Yankees in the 1955 World Series .
Their <unk> with the nomadic Nama tribes were largely peaceful .
In 1936 , King George VI made him a member of the Order of the British Empire .
The oxpeckers are two species of bird which make up the family Buphagidae .
In April 2011 , the Syrian Army moved to quell the uprising and soldiers fired on demonstrators across the country .
As an effective alternative .
- 26 to `` Convention for protection of cultural values in case of armed conflict '' was signed in Hague .
It is located in the Upper Rhine valley Baden Asparagus Route ( `` <unk> Spargelstraße '' ) and Bertha Benz Memorial Route .
A tram line runs the length of the coast , from De Panne on the French border to Knokke-Heist on the Dutch frontier .
Emperor Jomei 's reign lasted 13 years .
The total length of all animated parts is 40 minutes .
They are often attracted by the dung burrowing owls collect .
Since 2006 , the forest has been used as an open air music venue as part of the Forestry Commission nationwide Forest nationwide Forest .
The military part of the federal defense force consists of the Heer ( Army ) , Marine ( Navy ) , Marine ( Air ) , Air Force ( Joint Support Service ) , and the Zentraler Sanitätsdienst ( Joint Medical Service ) branches .
These products allow users to program their typesetting process around the SGML\/XML with the help of scripting languages .
The eastern half of Timor , is part of East Timor .
Kazakh athletes have won a total of 52 medals at Summer Olympic Games , and another 7 at Winter Olympic Games .
However , in the interests of consistency and water safety , the use of CQD appears to have died out after this point .
entered the top ten of the Hot 100 for the first time following the Glee cover , with sales rising 94 % in a week .
Propene , also known as propylene or methylethylene , is an chemical compound .
In the United States , there is no federal law stating a required age to be tattooed .
Her friend Hanneli Goslar later said that from early childhood , Frank frequently wrote , although she shielded her work with her hands and refused to discuss the content of her writing .
In subsequent years , international Test cricket has generally been organised as bilateral series : a multilateral Test tournament was not organised again until the quadrangular Asian Test Championship in 1999 .
The group continued with their second album titled Haciendo Historia .
These were replaced by 2009 Tube Stock between 2009 and 2011 ( see below ) .
The muzzle are strong and narrow , and the teeth are strong .
He is also credited with inventing Tournedos Rossini , but this dish has also been credited to both Escoffier as well as Carême ( although not the title itself ) .
It was any other times the temperature drops below freezing .
At the 51st Grammy Awards in early 2009 , the band Death Cab for Cutie made an appearance wearing blue ribbons to protest the use of Auto-Tune in the music industry .
Richard Hell rarely plays music live , concentrating instead on writing and <unk> performances .
Bioko is an island off the west coast of Africa in the Gulf of Guinea .
